three two I gotta get a picture of that
Matt Farah ladies and gentlemen Joe
Rogan we're going live are we do the
interior of your car it's fucking
disgusting I can't believe you like it
why would you do that one you can get
any interior you could make it any color
you decided to do what is it bus if city
bus fabric city legitimately it's actual
city bus fabric yeah if we got it from
the city bus supply I think it's like
puke resistant or something have its
everything resistant UV dirts name yeah
yeah yeah hi how does it feel good all
right hi everybody hi I have an old 911
it's called the Safari build this guy
named Lee Keane built it and I showed it
to Joe I brought it here there it is
these people on the video we're looking
at the smoking tire on Instagram thank
you and that's my everyday car in LA you
drive that everywhere yeah it's got big
fog lights and bash bars and it's got
slick dog - right oh yeah yeah in
traffic yeah but I don't I also have a
little scooter so it's what I need to go
fight traffic either yeah drive a
scooter
yeah well Yamaha 125 Oh bro you were a
fanny pack I can ride a scooter I mean
for your own health no it's the best bet
I mean look riding motorcycles is
dangerous we all know that but I think
it's a calculated risk yeah you know and
like the other day my wife and I left
the house at the same time we live in
Venice and she left in a car and I left
on the scooter and like exactly like 40
minutes later she I got off the bike and
texted her that I was at my destination
in Koreatown and she was at her
destination in Culver City so I was
literally like double triple the
distance that she had gone so but anyway
the city bus fabric is amazing and I
fully anticipated that 90 percent of the
people would like it and ten percent of
the people would find it deeply
offensive I'm surprised that you fell
into the offense disgusting it's cool
man it's gross
I mean yes it's not it's gross but it's
funny that you not offended its it is
fun yeah and I you know here in LA a car
is kind of like you know your outfit a
little bit you know okay yeah showing
jazz a little bit and I like I like to
if I'm gonna put a message out there of
myself in a car right
I don't want to be like some douchey
shitbag in a Porsche like I want to be
the guy who's in like a pink Porsche
with big tires on it and it's gonna bus
interior you know that's the reason it
says a little more about me than it does
about Porsche is a weird car right
Ferraris 100% douchebag they take
themselves very seriously really hard to
not be a douchebag in the Ferrari well
although I did see a really interesting
one that this guy built in England where
he took a dino oh yeah and he put a 400
plus horsepower and modern Ferrari
engine in it and put like a clear glass
over the engine bay and and everything
you could take off and bring the car
back to stock it was almost the sort of
singer is a shunova Dino so the Dino is
one of the prettiest Ferraris ever but
if you've ever driven one they sound
great but they're just slowest dogs yeah
and there's the v6 is it's for the
smallest engine Ferrari ever made what
did you know the the website for the guy
that did it
or the YouTube channel I think the guy I
think his name was David Lee and he
built it and I think he claimed it was
an f40 engine which I don't think was
entirely accurate I think I think he
exaggerated a little bit I think I think
it's a it's an engine from like a 360
that has been modified in certain ways
his authority has more than 400
horsepower well it also had turbos and
it's not like you just wouldn't use an
f40 engine for that it would just be it
would be like using something that's
very valuable and not really replaceable
force for for purposes of modification
doesn't make much sense when other
options are available that could deliver
you the same result like a 360 what did
a 360 have when it came with the Modena
like foreign horsepower yeah look around
480 knows gotta be like was other Tino
was lighter pounds yeah maybe it may be
very tiny they're tiny and they're made
enough that I mean they're 2,500 maybe a
good number
yeah and if you I've heard that car that
car lives here really yeah that car
lives in Los Angeles the black it lives
here I've seen more shows yeah that's
got sounds the darker is mass it's weird
because you actually have to yes it
probably is a half a million dollars
with
very low estimate for 705 maybe a really
good original Dino is there it is so
it's actually that's not the car because
the car is a hardtop or is it a target
oh look how pretty is that off if that
picture with the back end of it right
there yeah yeah so what's so interesting
about that it's actually hard to tell it
apart from a regular Dino if you don't
know what you're looking for the things
to look for obviously that badge on the
left that says like Evo something and
then the clear engine cover with the big
bubble in the middle of the of the
engine bonnet is changed yeah by the way
that badge can go fuck itself the badge
doesn't need to be yeah the exhaust is a
little bigger
I like the exhaust I like the exact
that's fine just add some grip to the
tires those are some skinny ass bitch
ass time well look how narrow I mean you
know you're talking about a car that
without widening the body there's only
so much you can do I imagine a modern
rubber compound what they did was they
reproduced the Dinos I think they're
Campagnolo wheels which were probably
like 15s on the Dino and I think they're
of 17s he's so pretty that you want to
talk expense yeah David Lee the Monza
3.6 Evo Dino so three point six that's
what tells me it's a mode 360 engine
yeah it was if it was a f40 engine to be
a 2.8 liter engine
yeah with turbo with turbos yeah god
that's a pretty car let me just by the
way if it had an f40 engine it would be
a fucking death trap you would sail that
thing with 400 horsepower it's got to be
crazy yeah but you know what it's it's
gonna be linear right without the turbo
spool yeah you know you have that
natural build of power and you really
kind of can just use less throttle it
won't just jump out at you yeah but I
mean you are a man of taste Joe that's
awesome it's a beautiful ride look at
that thing they're selling them yeah
they're trying to build a run of them oh
I think they're like a singer yeah yeah
yeah but here's the problem with with
with doing this with Ferraris though
Ferrari people even if you did something
to the level of singer Ferrari people
aren't really like that Ferrari people
are originality over everything
that's so weird yeah I don't understand
all like they don't like
modifying the cars they don't like about
car that's previously been modified it's
all about that numbers-matching shit no
it's not it's not for you
no no it's not really for me either I
love driving the Ferraris but like I
don't align with like that the Ferrari
fan really values so much but I'd like
to own one soon
I made an 80s one silly like a
Testarossa driven testarossa's are fun
yeah Dana White has a Testarossa
completely redone he's like fuck you we
put a new interior and a modern stereo
everything it's probably nice they need
a lot of maintenance though they have
testarossa's have timing belts see
timing belts are something that Italians
we're doing for a long time and the
people they should just never be done
again sounds terrif they wear out and
they need to be changed and in the case
of the Testarossa you're talking about a
giant flat 12 engine there in the front
so they're up against the firewall
behind the seats so you have to take off
the whole back of the car take the whole
engine out of the car
to do these timing belt oh yeah starting
with the modern stuff they use chains
the 21st century and they don't have to
fucking fuck with belts that he wants
yes but even like Lamborghini at the
time like I have a Countach which is the
best car ever made and you don't have to
do that bullshit cuz even Lamborghini
use chains so you don't need to do the
engine now why did ferrari go with belts
I think they thought it was smoother for
our Enzo Ferrari also had utter contempt
for the people who bought his street
cars and I wouldn't be surprised if he
did it just so the dealers would make
more money on the services even if he
knew it was worse why did he have so
much contempt for the people about his
cars Enzo Ferrari just wanted to go
racing all he he was an egomaniac and
all he ever wanted to do was see his
cars win races and he came to a point
where he couldn't make money doing that
and he had to sell street cars to
customers but throughout his entire life
he openly treated those people with
disdain that's how you when that's the
story of Lamborghini the story of
Lamborghini is Ferruccio Lamborghini had
a Ferrari it was not working for one
reason other he went to Ferrari to
complain about it Enzo basically told me
to fuck himself and somebody said I'll
build the better come
and that's the story of Lamborghini and
their what are they known by now is
almost like an Audi Group yeah via V AG
so they're more reliable now yes but so
are Ferraris around 2010 yes when the
the four or five eight came out
Ferraris took a massive jump in
reliability how they do that first off
the big one is the dual clutch gearbox
which you know stick shifts for one
thing right and then these early single
clutch paddle shift gearbox they'd fry
clutches like crazy people didn't really
know how to use them right and they
dried the clutches out and they would
just go through clutches like crazy the
dual clutch cars have much more like
failsafe type stuff built into them and
they actually work properly
Ferraris to have the gated shift the
coolest things up Yankee clink it's the
best sliding into gear yes there's
nothing more rewarding than like banging
a Ferrari off the reveler and they stop
that people stops the problem with with
Ferrari is that they're new you know
with the problem all new exotic the
first owners of exotic cars is they want
that new technology that's that's from
racing and also it's like it's improved
the drivability you know if you want to
buy a Ferrari or a Lamborghini and drive
it around in the city and use it as a
car you can buy a Ferrari right now and
it could just be your car like that was
there that wasn't a thing you could do
really in the 70s or 80s or even 90s
like you could literally use a modern
exotic car be it Ferrari Lamborghini
McLaren howdy all right whatever that
could be your only car now and that the
gearbox technology is a lot of what's
made that possible and
computer-controlled like engine
management systems this is a little
disappointing one thing I'm really happy
the Porsche hasn't done that but they
have with the gt3 RS a gt3 RS just this
last year and now the new ones what do
you mean all the automatic all
automatically RS though the RS is in in
Porsche speak is the fastest version of
what they can build they have the GTV
touring with a stick that's the one you
want you want the touring because it's a
fucking stick because the four liter
engine with a stat 6-speed gearbox is
the best engine transmission combination
available in cars today period
yeah but the wide-body GT TRS with the
vented fenders and you can modify you
can modify later you just complained
about people who don't want to modify by
modifying but all that extra effort why
don't they just fucking sell to you with
a stick shift I don't know bro talk to
the Germans I can't fucking win there
mate look they make a gt3 with a stick
they maybe Cayman gt4 with a stick they
make the Boxster Spyder with a stick you
could buy a 911 any level of 911 with a
stick you can buy the turbo not the
turbo there are the only ones you can
count on though it seems like it's all
going to even Corvette the new quarter
that's double clutch yeah they said the
new gt500 they haven't ruled out the
possibility yeah of having a stick shift
but well so look with the gt500 they
just announced this thing it's it's like
750 horsepower no I've driven a lot of
really powerful manual transmission cars
for me once the car goes over about five
hundred I don't want to shift anymore
really I don't when I'm driving it on
like a racetrack as fast as it will go
okay like when I went to test the the
the Corvette zr1 the last front engine
one when it went just completely fucking
bananas right 750 horsepower I went to
Road Atlanta to drive it and they had a
manual and they had an automatic me to
drive and I drove the manual and it was
so fucking fast that I did not feel
comfortable taking my hand off the wheel
to do the shifts that make sense and and
I was like at this level of performance
I really need to have both my hands on
the wheel and I'm a pretty decent driver
I'm not like shit I'm not the best but
I'm not shit right and then when I drove
the automatic car I went okay I feel way
more comfortable at this pace with my
hands on the wheel right but this
8-speed automatic would they have is the
biggest hunk of flamin shit
ever put into a sports car and so with
the c8 with the new one they got rid of
the manual and decided to substantially
improve the auto with a new dual clutch
8-speed which
you know for you and for me is sad that
there's no stick it's not kind to get it
because it's just sort of what progress
looks I get it if you're gonna take it
to a race track yeah I do get it but how
many people are taking their goddamn
Corvette to race no it's not even really
about that it's sadder it's sadder than
that
it's really about how do we get the 0 to
60 time under three seconds because when
they had the zo6 which was 650
horsepower and then they had the zr1
which was 750 horsepower they couldn't
get it to 60 any faster Detroit is still
so suck in fucking zero to 60 that that
that is important for some reason and
adding a hundred horsepower didn't
change the 0 to 60 because of the
front-engine rear-drive your distraction
limited at that point just burnouts yeah
so by putting the engine in the back you
change the weight distribution now
you've got a dual clutch 8-speed instead
of a manual 7-speed now you can get in
that two-second range 260 which doesn't
improve the experience but it doesn't
prove the number on that magazine cover
with in number but everybody know I mean
how do you not know it's a it's a
fucking fast car ya know it's fast the
GT 500s a real bummer though because
that's a such a muscle car you know it's
a sex your muscle car it's a it's a it's
a toot same version of the Tremec dual
clutch from the corvette is it as in the
Mustang yeah it has a different number
of gears incidentally it has a set it's
a 7-speed in the Mustang and an 8-speed
in the Corvette but it's same family of
brand-new Tremec dual clutch gearboxes
what has a wider contact with the tires
I don't know what the Mustangs got if I
had to guess you see a narrower right if
I had to guess the Mustang had water see
eight Corvettes 305 rears that I yeah
yeah it's not you know with a mid-engine
car what is interesting about a
mid-engine car as you find this a lot I
bet if you went out and looked at a
Ferrari like a four five eight or
something you'd be shocked at how narrow
the tires are really yeah when you do a
mid-engine car you can give up a lot of
that huge fat rear rubber because the
weight distribution doesn't necessitate
it wait.you
a tire tire sizes are typically chosen
by the weight distribution of the car so
like your 911 euro air cooled car your
old one right so you got
fat rears and you've got relatively
skinny fronts that's because that engine
is over the rears so in a mid-engined
like I just looked this up for an
unrelated thing in the four five eight
the front tires are only two 45s on that
and the rear tires are 305 so where is a
Corvette your front tires are like 275
the old Corvette front tires are 275
rears like a 335 that that difference in
weight distribution is how big of a
difference you need in tires really
sense the that's you know have you
driven the gt500 - no I didn't get to do
it yet unfortunately it looks fun
someone posted a video it ran a 10-6
quarter-mile out of the box it's crazy
fuck it's a very very fast I cannot
believe some of the cars that people can
just buy well speaking of which that
Porsche that you sent me the video yeah
hi Ken it's tyke I gotta say I can't I
can't I con yeah I'm gonna fuck that one
up for years that thing looks
preposterous okay look I know how
preposterous my Tesla is I tell
everybody when they say oh you know you
have really fast cars might see that one
right there yeah the one that looks like
a dad
yes that one blows all yeah and you can
drive like a companion piece of shit cuz
it's silent do it no one notices here so
quiet you just pass people like you just
whiz by them yeah nothing happened yeah
a Tesla is the new BMW in terms of
people who are driving like shit bags on
the way to work because when it's silent
people don't like call the cops or sneer
you're just kind of gone dude I was at a
red light with some kid in a model 3 and
I was in my gt3 RS and he blew behind me
Liuba I was even trying to race him cuz
I know better
ya have a Tesla but it was the
humiliation factor he passed me and got
in front of me and then got on the
highway like yeah like it was nothing
sure and he an Eevee a fast Eevee if you
live in Los Angeles is the correct tool
for for this job you know if you have a
home or in your case fucking sick
warehouse to keep it charged
you know supercharger networks pretty
good yeah but it's not I wouldn't say
you can use it exclusively you need some
some kind of home used to charge yeah or
your office but um people
in apartment complexes that have Tesla's
I don't know how you do it yeah if you
don't live in a building where you can
get them to install one or you work in a
building yeah something yeah you really
Eevee's are amazing and they're super
super fun and like I totally get why
people like like I get your Evie
evangelism transformation you haven't
gone from the butt up at the top
apartment that thought you know analog
school of you know manual gearboxes and
fucking loud to to experience that level
of silent performance and you must have
felt like you're in a fucking spaceship
it's seen it still seems like a
spaceship yeah drive that thing yeah
quiet yeah it makes me feel good though
well if you finally yeah you get a
little more relaxed right yeah like it
when I take it to the airport too
because I put on auto and I get on the
405 and I just chill in traffic it's
nice oh no it's nice it is I totally get
it
be careful with it oh I have my hand on
the wheel no no it does be careful
what's saying it drives itself it
doesn't it doesn't drive it so does it
do here the rabbit hole begins it has it
has an advanced driver's aid system mmm
okay so it has follow you know Falls the
car in front of you and it has a pretty
good lane keep assist right so now we go
into the Joe Rogan rabbit hole of what
does driving me so driving involves
decision-making and driving involves a
lot of mental processes that cars can't
do and so that's when I when people talk
about terms like self-driving cars or
full self-driving or whatever they're
not usually using those terms correctly
so a bunch of cars not just Tesla right
now although Tesla's system is very good
have a very good lane keep assist in a
very good radar cruise system and they
have different methods of trying to
ensure the drivers paying attention but
I think the marketing is a little bit
disingenuous and they really want people
who don't know better to think and feel
like this is a car that drops it's kind
of putting it on beta it's all just beta
and that's fucking dangerous
bro I'm riding my scooter I know I just
had a model three for a week like couple
weeks ago and I liked it so much and I
gave it back and I went God maybe I
should lease one of these this is cool
but the auto steering feature I use it
for about 20 minutes and it scared the
piss out of me twice
man I've seen that company called axis
that takes a Model S and they put a
carbon body of wide body kit onto now
that sounds like fun that's pretty dope
the axis Model S P hundred and 100 D is
they replace the entire body with carbon
they take the hood they take the fenders
off they put wide body fenders on they
they do a bunch of different shit to it
you know I don't think so I wouldn't I
wouldn't fuck with that
yeah they fuck with the suspension they
tighten up the suspension they changed
the wheels and they completely redo the
interior they stripped the interior
that's where I would start
yeah custom interior put put in whatever
you want need for the the you know
Tesla's are there there's such cool cars
and they're such you know there's such
like you said serene you know what I
mean and all not I don't want to give
that credit exclusively to Tesla because
other V's provide a similar experience
to but the one place they're lacking for
the amount of money they charge their
interiors are a little poems ask me if
I'm getting one of those trucks bro good
luck ask me if I don't want the truck
you get to touch that why you askin
cause I'm getting on them trucks yeah
look at that thing you don't like it no
you don't like it no I don't I don't
like it and I out dare you
I'm not entirely sure it's it's real I
mean I think I've seen I think my
initial reaction to that was that's not
a real thing me George Jetson
and my second reaction is I'm pretty
sure they couldn't build and sell that
in America why that because I I just I
just don't think that that will pass the
test that it needs to pass and I and
furthermore I kind of like crash test
pedestrian safety stuff like that
furthermore it's it's it's because
how do I say this without it's really
hard to talk about Tesla because their
fans are fucking crazy they get really
mad and they don't leave me alone in the
beginning I thought that it's complete
bullshit and fake and a fraud I've
talked to sin a few people since in the
design space who design cars
professionally for living and I have
been convinced that it could be possible
to build and sell a shape a vehicle
shaped sort of like that although not
exactly like that okay having said that
I think that the way that it has been
marketed is not entirely honest also
people company show concept cars all the
time right there's nothing wrong with
showing a concept car there's nothing
wrong with going here's a here's a
prototype we built and this is going to
show the direction of our industry right
and if you build electric cars as your
business it's pretty easy to build a
concept car that runs and drives because
you've got your skateboard and you can
just gonna put any body on it right so
odds are there's like a Model X chassis
underneath that prototype truck right
but there's a one I don't think that
accepting reservations is an honest
thing to do when you don't know how
you're gonna build the truck don't know
there's no way that trucks on the road
next year no way now that's not even
supposed I don't know in the road he did
he said 20 he said next year twenty
twenty one twenty one twenty three full
three motor five hundred range badass
one is like a three year down the line
thing here's the problem building cars
and warrant iam repairing them selling
them is like a logistics business
they're operating this company like a
tech company where it runs on hype like
where's the Roadster that's supposed to
come out this year no I haven't seen
anything about it since I guess I don't
know that's the point
I don't like they've had these product
launches and they build up the hype it
juices the stock they take the
reservations but then it's like but you
have to deliver the product guys you're
you're actually a car company
or not you're not exclusively driven on
hype but they have made some cars of
course no of course they made your
there's one here yeah yes no I'm not
saying they don't build and sell cars
they build and sell cars but what I am
saying is their business model is not
like the regular car companies in that
it is so dependent on this hype machine
bringing in new investors bringing in
new reservation cash when they go here's
this crazy Total Recall space truck and
all it's gonna cost you people to buy
into my space truck vision is $100
refundable and you're not gonna find out
if that hundred dollars gets you a truck
for like two and a half years are you
gonna go after your $100 if he's late or
it's your but I'm not saying you
shouldn't buy whatever he sells isn't
the roaster thing a different deal
though don't you have to pay all the
money or something there is a
reservation process is all I'm saying
like the roaster thing was different
though low key that requires a
substantial sum of money right but we
don't we haven't seen any roadsters
either
we saw the prototype yeah but it's easy
to build a prototype when your Tesla
heads looking build a prototype very
easily they've got an electric
skateboard they can put any body on it
it'll look and feel like a mostly
running driving car let's say here forty
five thousand five thousand dollar
credit card payment plus forty five
thousand dollar wire transfer do in ten
days yeah so you gotta put up $50,000 so
here's giving him a zero interest loan
of $50,000 until he delivers this
product which is like a good income for
a lot of people free yeah give it up
correct and so I'm not saying that they
don't build and sell real cars I'm not
saying you shouldn't buy one or lease
one I am saying and this goes for it
let's let's expand this I mean this
isn't a dig at Elon or Tesla
specifically let's talk about all cars
don't pay for something that isn't then
handed to you there's no real ons a
billionaire why do you need to give him
a zero interest loan of $50,000 for a
roadster why do you need to give him a
zero and she's a lot of $100 for a truck
that he hasn't demonstrated he could
build yet why do you think they made the
roaster 50 grand
and the down payment for the truck only
a hundred bucks because I will tell you
why because at Weibull I believe I
believe I'm gonna I'm gonna put this and
I believe okay okay I believe it's so
they could go to a bank or a VC because
if it's only hundred dollars you get you
get so many of the fuck right what five
hundred thousand orders go I've got two
hundred and fifty thousand orders
I need a billion dollars that's why you
would do that please look here's the
problem is if if it's legitimate okay if
it's all on the up-and-up if everything
is on the up-and-up
there's a lot of individual pieces that
don't freely add up right and on a house
that's not made of you know it's like
imagine them them the mortgage crisis
Inouye you took all these bad mortgages
and you put him together and all of a
sudden it's considered a good investment
right so he smashed the fucking window
onstage he quoted a bunch of power and
torque figures that are basically made
up he did that dumb video with tug of
war the f-150 that was completely fake
that has a fake the f-150 was in
two-wheel drive and he was towing it
uphill that's not like if you're gonna
make it easier for the car to drive
downhill and uphill it no towing uphill
well it would be the weight transfer is
is if you have a two-wheel drive pickup
truck going downhill my friend Jason
Fenske to engineering explained did a
whole video explaining debunking this
but if you have an all-wheel drive
extremely heavy vehicle because let's be
honest if they build that truck that's a
sixty five hundred pound vehicle steel
and batteries
all-wheel drive versus a pickup truck
that's put into two-wheel drive with no
weight in the bed right that's just so
it's like all automakers make up silly
games to show up their product right
their tow the space shuttle or whatever
bullshit they do right but they make up
a game they know they can win they don't
make up a game and then cheat at it like
why are you gonna do a tug of war video
if you then have to cheat at the video
on video to do it like pick a different
game you know you can win what kind of a
person makes up a game and then cheats
at it
well here Ford wanted to get one of
their own they're like well why don't
you give us one of your Tesla's yes dude
and then somebody up it up at the top
said don't engage that idiot what are
you doing I'm not doing this
yeah so look again well they probably
can't live realistically it can't really
compete with it I I think I think it's
not a test of anything it's a test of
weight and tire grip that's it but when
you truck I realize it's a thing they do
truck let's bring them let's bring that
cyber truck over to a gravel pit and
dump two tons of dread did you see any
like of the renderings of people like
camping in the cyber truck what's absurd
well yeah I just like dude like he won
him fucking you know you want to buy one
wait till he says this is the one you
can buy yeah I just I don't think wood
box congratulations you just bought into
the scam that's that's that's you know
what I mean I seem like I don't think
it's like a full-on fraud I just think
he's figured out creative ways to to get
the public to bankroll shit yeah that he
already said was done bro a million Robo
taxis by 2020 whereas the Robo taxis bro
Zoe said yeah this cyber truck thing
came out of seemingly nowhere but right
kind of at the same time that they
figured out that full self-driving is
not right around the corner as they said
it was it's a lot of backtracking going
on in the full self-driving level-5 is
not coming anytime soon you're not going
to be able to send your Tesla out to do
errands for you without a driver in it
anytime soon what was the parking with
Tesla promises 1 million robo taxis yeah
that was from 2019 for yeah I mean
technically they have a year in a month
left but they have delivered zero Robo
taxis
he did he said that shit man yeah but
problem with Tesla's Elon says some shit
that then is impossible and then they
have to figure out how to do it later
and sometimes doesn't work do you know
how Kyle Dunnigan is no who's that one
of the funniest guys alive but he's got
the best Instagram on the
and he does face swaps husband uuugh now
that you know you didn't do the deep fat
guy know he does a lot will doctor fakin
Stein oh yeah yeah yeah yeah that's the
one that's newest one give me some
volume on this give me some volume on
this and go to fullscreen
yeah oh my god how creepy yeah fucking
shit ha ha ha oh great idea on do it
again
same window same ball you should go
differently fucking shit now I Mark
Zuckerberg is officially cooler than you
know I'm cooler
I make Rockets that's cool well I
connect the world to Facebook I'm cute
I'm double cooler double oh my god a
plus-one that's one more cooler you
can't add anything to infinity you
Fillion nerd who's uncool would know
that very uncool this is too many all
the data and I found this invention you
unveiled in high school so so its senses
you feel getting a boner class and then
two pros this over you so letting
everyone know you don't have a boner so
it's pretty cool pretty cool I know I
could use this at miss Tinsley's ha ha
ha ha she's got great boobs dread boobs
man Tinsley crappy fucking weird that
smashing glass is one of the was one of
the greatest moments in automotive
history I was laying in bed and my wife
was next to me asleep and I have nowhere
why did they think that they could do
that I don't know
I know the same idea was that when they
hit the wall or hit the door with the
hammer that it broke the glass or no
that first he was gonna hit the door
with a sledgehammer they did that but
except he was using an orange hammer
which is a dead blow hammer not a sledge
hammer so that's a little disingenuous
deadblow yeah it's designed to not dent
things
it's assigned to hit things without
stretching rubber yes but still who said
two windows were a regular Tesla door
probably because they're aluminum but
not a stainless steel panel right I
wouldn't dentist English steel panel and
then he goes the windows are bulletproof
its steel ball right thread and he puts
up a video the next day that's like oh
here was us testing it right before the
reveal word actually did show that it
worked before why did it work how do you
know the video was made before and not
after after they fixed it there's a
shop-vac on the floor and a towel over
the door as if you had just cleaned up a
bunch of broken glass that's true yeah
go look at the video there's a shop-vac
on the floor with a hose laid out like
right underneath the door howls over a
door kind of maybe if you would just
smashed a bunch of glass out of it
anybody thinks I don't I'm glad you
don't carry things and if they make that
I will be extend can I just bring up
what is the word cyber like cool now yes
like cyber was exclusively cool for like
the last 15 years again very cool very
cool only nerds only a real nerd
wouldn't know the cyber is cool cool
plus one it's so silly well you saw I'm
sure you've seen that res vani oh my god
Terry bulletproof car that releases tax
electrifies the door so you know I was
in a real bad res money I was at the gas
station once pumping gas and this
fucking reservoir pulls up I'm like who
is driving that fucking thing to Jamie
Foxx jumps out he goes what's up Jamie
Jamie who is he a spokesman he's got to
be a spokesman or something um I think
he's friends with the guy who belongs in
the guy gayweed or something that's
hysterical how he's a spokesman just I
uh I met his Oscars and making Grammys
he's got no time to be a spokesman for a
tank that's hilarious
I drove this company's other car they
have a car called the beast the res vani
beast
to that I drove it it wasn't good with a
beat the tank is the based is based on
an Ariel Atom Wow you know what that is
yeah yeah three-wheeled thing yeah so
good good no so Jamie the red one we
know roof oh my god so that's the one
it's not good it's not in muscular
possible so what they've done there is
they took an Ariel Atom which is a car
that has no body all right right it's
driving a fucking sled basically they're
crazy they're batshit yeah and they made
bodywork that goes over it that's pretty
much what they've done okay
but in order to make it look kind of
badass like a supercar they've made they
put these really wide wheels and tires
on the car yes which when you have an
Ariel Atom that has no power steering
and a very dialed in and and even sort
of twitchy steering rack this thing had
one of the sketchiest I mean the
sketchiest handling of top five
sketchiest handling cars I've ever
driven look at doors yeah it's a real
interesting kind of door design I've
never seen one that had those doors a
slide that looks cgi issue for a noise
like the reverse minivan door it does
look pretty cool it's a it's a badass
looking thing but it's it's um it just
didn't drive good and the guy got kind
of mad at me when I made a video saying
that it didn't drive mad at you he got a
little mad he was you were gonna only
promote his thing for free I think
sometimes they expect that yes that's
really sillier you got to do a better
job of it I think now I send him to the
tie can review yo Hey look at this kit
we should talk about because we talked
about two seconds and got away from your
videos insane it looks like you're about
to fly off the road and into space it is
might be a problem so it actually is I
think I think we're at a point really
where cars are actually too fast just to
sell to regular people well I think that
all time and I made that argument about
the zr1 yes it's so sketchy to drive
with the rear-wheel drive yeah like
you're selling a 750 horsepower car to
someone like me
who at least I know how to drive you are
probably in the top 20% of people in
terms of driving a billion that I can
drive a little yeah there's a lot of
people to get those they don't know what
happens when you stomp on the gas and go
sideways it like that fucking poor guy
and Kevin Hart
you know when I saw that and I saw the
fucking lines on the street yeah I'm
like this guy doesn't know how to drive
whether that's so gnarly let someone do
that yeah Hellcat engine a rear-wheel
drive car there's a CUDA right yeah
double the horsepower of stock I bought
my 70 CUDA if I heard you did
congratulations there mom you're gonna
make it handle sending it to roadster
shop oh yeah perfect they'll do they'll
do a good job yeah yeah but but with
that with Kevin's crash he was not
driving right friend was driving and his
friend stomped on the gas and the car
went fucking sideways and he didn't know
what to do yeah you just can't do that
with regular folks you got if you're
gonna have a car like that yeah you got
to say hey Manny you were driven a real
monster before yeah how about one with
750 fuckin horsepower you can't do that
man you got I think I do does probably 5
or 600 pounds lighter than a Hellcat too
probably really light and really gnarly
and you know with those with those
custom builds like that and you know
it's it's it's hard I think someone's
suing that the shop that built it
there's really unfortunate because yeah
it's like they're suing because of the
waist belts no roll cage all that shit I
think that I hope I you know I hope they
don't win because if they do it's a
really bad scene for custom cars all
over but even brand-new cars you know I
just had a McLaren 720 which is my
favourite supercar on the moment at the
market right now
and this thing is 800 horsepower the
demon of a car have you driven one know
what I've seen the fucking crazy dude I
was at Auto Club Speedway the the NASCAR
track 180 miles an hour on the front
straight I mean yeah and and if you
tarses it way 3,100 pounds look that's
me that's me get about to get
black-flagged for drifting and tracked
yeah yeah they don't like when you're
drifting and tractors he said it was a
mistake I didn't know how much
horsepower I got black flag only four
tenths lied
once you can be like managing me when
the smoke is wafting across but with
that car oh my god it's so fucking good
Joe Joe that car is in my opinion the
pinnacle of gasoline-powered streetcar
performances we're here it's a strong
state I think yeah I've never driven cuz
you know why it's not just that it's
batch it fast cuz a lot of their cars
are batshit fast too although very few
were this fast it has this magic
suspension technology it doesn't have
sway bars you know sway bars were yeah
so you can put a stiffer sway bar in
your car and it makes it roll less in
corners so typically you have to trade
off you know roll and compliance for
stiffness and performance right the 720
does not use sway bars instead it uses
an electronically actuated independent
valve system that allows you to mimic an
infinite number of sway bar combinations
in between you know full stiff and
non-existent so when you put the car in
the comfort mode I shit you not it rides
like a Rolls Royce like a Rolls Royce
not even like a 5 Series BMW or your
Tesla like a rolls-royce and then you
crank it to track and you go full drift
oh and it's just bonsai time how much
some one of those that one is a spider
so it's four hundred and fifty thousand
you can buy them used the problem with
MacLaren's and buying them new is they
depreciate like she could buy almost
exactly the same car like two years old
for like 250 really yeah that much oh my
god
didn't style bender buy one of those he
bought him a clam but did he buy that
model
do you know style blender no who's that
name sounds familiar UFC middleweight
champ oh cool
I try to I've tried to listen to so much
you're fighting shows I can't I'm just
not that into it I get it it's okay it's
alright it's okay but you're in the lot
of shit oh yeah he's got a 720 there it
is that's a car yeah that's a 720 and if
that's his garage he's got a 675lt in
the background as well that's where he
bought it okay cool
yeah I know he's got that's that's the
right car for sure that's it's a spider
- so the roof comes up and 11
eleven seconds while you're driving well
11 seconds up and asks can you go I
think it's up to up to 40 or something
you can go pretty you can be going
pretty good
yeah I'd put it up just while driving
around and yeah and I drove through the
rain and I learned that if you go 74
miles an hour you stay dry
keep it over 74 with the top down you're
staying there so just whistles past you
right over your head but whatever you
stopped at a red light and you found how
you're done it's gotta happen on the
highway but you make Ziggy's rooster
tails this car makes tails if you hammer
down in the rain because it's pulls up
the water out the the like the diffuser
and it gets hit with the exhaust and it
does like a Top Gun swirl no fucking
tissue of this anyway I don't know if I
got video of it sometimes it's a missed
opportunity of god that sounds so crazy
it's so much money
$450,000 so much money for a car I know
there's so many of these custom cars
that people are making now like like
singer with that 1.8 million dollar LS
yeah yeah yeah dynamic and light
weighting yeah Chris Harris was just so
much so talking about it I have a real
problem with you calling a car study I
didn't call that anybody anybody do now
like settle the fuck down
I'll tell you what if Ilan called that
truck a study I might be a little less
worried about it it's so cool super cool
point eight million dollar car that's
not nearly as fast as that McLaren no
but it's got one of the gnarliest
engines that money could buy at any
price
yeah that engine in specifically in that
is a four liter to the co-developed by a
guy named Hans Metzger who developed the
engineer gt3 RS legend the met the
legendary Metzger engine yet which
people talk about it Porsche
co-developed by Metzger and Williams the
Formula One team Jamie pull up the video
that's we can see the sound of this I
think it revs to like ten five what yeah
it revs it's because this is the first
ever
air-cooled 911 engine that has a four
valve head 9,000 rpm yeah I thought it
Reds to above nine but it's it's BA
Nana's oh this is Chris Harris driving
up the hill at Goodwood I believe Wow
look at exhaust carbon fibre do if this
car is ba nano Freddy I don't know who's
driving it that's a wrench to even
consider this well you know how they
ended up doing this they literally had a
customer who came to them and said you
know half a million for the normal car
that's great and all but what if I give
you a full-on blank cheque full blank
cheque
this is what they end up with 20 volume
dues that turn this shit up
bro
see that's what you need in your life
listen this fly by
[Music]
but let me be honest with you that's not
$1,000 engine it's dot as cool as a
shark works 911 gt3rs
it's not because the shark works is just
as fast you could drive it anywhere you
park it anywhere
it handles probably better maybe I don't
know it sounds just as good bro there's
no rhyme or reason or math that leads
you to buy your cool things of weird
world's without getting into that
world's weird like if you had a
500-horsepower engine anywhere else that
cost you 400 grand people would kill you
yeah hate you to death to be charged me
400 thousand dollars for a fucking
engine let's not kill you yeah
did we talk about this on the last show
um no we talked about this in text okay
you're talking about values
yeah air-cooled horsepower yeah is like
the worst value in motoring yeah so if
you want like let's say you're starting
with an engine that works you buy a
regular car like my career is an 87 it's
micropore started you're starting with
an 87 Carrera okay and and you go in and
you have an engine that works and you go
to a performance shop and you say this
engine makes about 200 horsepower as it
is I want it to make 300 horsepower you
have to give him your engine and
probably $50,000 or $60,000 if you want
that engine to make 350 horsepower you
probably have to give them $100,000 and
if you want that engine to make 400
horsepower you have to give them a
quarter of a million dollars that's what
it costs to get that type of so when you
see cars like a singer where you go okay
here's a singer 911 and and it's 600
grand a quarter of a million dollars as
that is the engine a singers got 50
grand in leather in it
50 grand in raw leather materials just
the material just the materials yeah
this shit adds up like real fast
well the interiors of those things have
specialties no really spot really really
special but I mean I guess like that's
what that rob guy wanted to do right
like he's no object yeah he's really
into bespoke everything and their whole
thing everything is important and
there's a market for it too I mean John
Ward with your Bronco over there is
maybe a half a bump down from that yeah
quite as obsessed but but on that same
yeah cheap no the icon stuff is great
and they've got great taste
I think it's he's a great style what I
love yeah Jonathan Ward is his style
like what he's into yeah like I love
that he makes those derelicts yeah and
the way that got tossed his purse is
gonna mazing taste his ideas and design
taste but I just had a thought earlier
you were kind of lamenting how these
modern supercars aren't analog and you
don't you stick that right there is
where companies like singer and icon
come in they will deliver you that
analog not just an analogue product
they'll deliver you the like in 1999
Porsche stop making air-cooled engines
they started making water-cooled engines
but like singer and and some other
people are like well what if you
continue developing the air-cooled
engine from where Porsche left off and
so that is how you end up with you know
half a million dollars because people
that have this kind of money are willing
to pay for that analog experience but
without any sacrifice at all
but more the 1.8 million dollars I think
they made I don't have any 20 or 30 of
those but that's funny or 30 Oh
these fucking Saudis and these Chinese
guys it's not there's no evil or there's
no either/or anymore you know what I
mean with these million dollar-plus cars
it's all the same 300 people really yes
they all the average Bugatti owner has
like 50 cars 50 not really in five or
ten yeah it's the same 300 Malone has
long just hoovering up shit
so it's Tracy Morgan I know she's on the
first day the first day Tracy Morgan I I
love I love seeing Tracy Morgan in a
Bugatti fans in me is just fucking spend
that Walmart money you fuckers spend all
of much did they give him from the crash
I don't think anyone's ever said but
it's I mean it was tens of millions of
dollars if not hundreds of millions it's
a lot of money it's whatever his
lifetime earning potential was as Tracy
fucking Gordon he's barely that's a
Bugatti Grand Sport Vitesse the the roof
comes off and he's good
fucking Honda Element not element a CRV
just crunch just turned right in then
bro that see RVs insurance is but that's
the kind of car that's gonna hit you a
minivans doesn't give a fuck about life
I mean that's you know you can you can
worry about that kind of shit or you can
yesterday you know I was I was in mind
in my off road 9/11 here and there was a
double right turn lane right and I was
on the outside one someone's on the
inside one and they were on their phone
not fucking pay then Jimmy we both make
the turn and they they don't stay in
theirs they just drift into mine chorus
so I go into the dirt shoulder and
fucking hammer down sideways out the
dirt shoulder pads out of the dirt I
don't like you want to offer 911 yeah I
guess for those rare moments we'd driven
off by an asshole in a minivan yeah oh
we took a left but Tyco it I can it's
it's like 700 horsepower I suit I think
it's I think they're calling it 610
horsepower and 750 torque but just like
the Tesla the torque is instituted zero
to zero so you saw the video I sent you
the fucking launch yeah it's you know
you were really splitting hairs here
with the Tesla in the portion of what
you know what it does to for feel
different from two five like no I don't
know my eyes hurt
yeah same shit and the Porsche has this
really interesting thermal management
system so Tesla although they do a
beautiful road car for the city
you know they've never gone racing they
don't they don't know about endurance
racing or real real high-performance
driving you mean you've seen them kind
of struggle with the Nurburgring a
little bit it's a little harder than it
looks over there what did happen with
the Tesla I think they went over there
with a prototype they took the interior
a dad proto yeah yeah - means the wide
bot it's a wide-body version with three
engines I believe yeah they wouldn't
they weren't talking about what it was
but I think it's a three motor car with
a widened body and a different aero
package and it resides there were some
and they went back with one with a giant
liked gt3 wing on it - it seemed like
they the number they originally put out
and you guys talked about a show Jamie
looked it up was a con um
compilation of best sector times so they
released this sort of theoretical best
time but they never actually ran that
complete lab the big difference between
a Tesla and the Porsche right now is
thermal management managing heat and
cool sort of where it needs to go yeah
there's the prototype and I believe the
Tesla can build they're exactly the kind
of company that can build a one-off
prototype the Ghidorah the Nurburgring
very fast like they could do that you
could see how it's wider it looks cool
but the oh they didn't put out the apex
you show me a photo of the apex so Tesla
so the Taikan has this really
interesting thermal management system
that integrates the brakes the battery
the motors and the cabin heat and he a
cabin climate control all-in-one system
and so it's very common that one system
will need heat while the other needs to
be cooled and one will need so they if
the brakes are hot but and they need to
be cooled but the cabin is cold and
needs to be hot they use the brake heat
too they can send heat or cold anywhere
in the car it needs to go you know go to
stay up there go back looks okay it's
not that bad oh it doesn't let you
change it I've seen one swap everything
out with carbon fibre but they put dope
wheels on it but the interiors were the
management I would like to see the
interior I don't really see a point to
doing body kits on TVs but yeah there's
no quilted leather little armrest some
carbon I think the idea is there go go
back up see the on the left there with
the body at the wheels are nice yeah
they put larger wheels wire breaks what
does that say on it let's say unplugged
on the brakes oh god I think that's
their company oh oh it's called
unplugged performance yeah Apex
unplugged
hey thanks s I mean it's not for me
they put carbon fiber brakes on it how
those carbon ceramic brake carbon
ceramic brakes I think a lot of money
for that I'm sure it's not cheap I don't
know maybe the interior but I wouldn't
carbon ceramic brakes how about yeah
maybe they could do it 90 so with
Porsche like so you're Tesla for
instance if you want max performance
like the hardest launch you can do right
you got to have like eighty percent
battery or
and it'll let you do a couple of them in
a row before it starts to get noticeably
slower you know I mean it'll melt you
let you launch but you want that to five
or whatever it is it's only gonna be
your first couple launches where you get
it right the tie con will give you full
performance until the battery's dead
well so I get a full-bore launch control
start with like 40 miles of range on the
battery now how many miles can it get
from fully charged in theory 300 in
theory yeah that's me driving like an
old lady
so I was able to drive around normally
and I found that the range estimate was
pretty accurate I only got the car for
one day so it's pretty accurate and then
I went to the canyons and in that video
I burned off 40% of the battery just
making that video really yeah it would
be the same in a Tesla it's not it's
when you start driving real fast and v's
bro you're just you're just smoking
through battery with the demand
technology will improve to the point
where they can get like real range out
of these things like the theoretical
range of the Tesla Roadster was like 600
miles but yeah and that's never been
done I think so I'm not an expert on TVs
and there's like electrical engineers
that'll be screaming fucking at their
iPods right now I believe I know right I
believe that the 300 mile range is
because that's a good amount of range
the key that we will see that will
really be a game-changer his battery
charge times how can we get a charge in
five minutes or ten minutes and not
thirty minutes or an hour right and the
number of stations the opportunity to
charge and that's an issue with the
Porsche over the Tesla's they don't have
the super charging Network correct
although they are using the Electrify
America network which is actually it's
another one of the networks that stands
for like normal V's it's actually bigger
really but they don't have as many super
high-speed chargers so the Tesla and all
V's on the market right now except the
Taikan all the rest are 400 volt systems
okay and the Tesla's probably the best
most efficient use of 400 volt
architecture eight hundred volt
architecture if
is to be believed is more efficient the
it's a lighter setup if it flows in and
out faster than the four hundred volt
system
there's a couple other advantages to it
but it can charge really really fast
through the correct chargers there just
aren't that many of the superfast ones
around there's only three in LA right
now one is in Burbank at the Best Buy in
Burbank is the transponder here and you
I judged one from almost dead to almost
full in about 18 minutes Wow that one
yeah but there just aren't very many so
so you can go stop grab a cup of coffee
yeah go to Best Buy stroll around yeah
you come out you got 80% of your juice
yeah it was pretty good it went fast
enough that I could watch it go six
seven really yeah yeah I yeah it was
pretty good like yeah if they get the
number of stations right I think the
real problem with Evie adoption
especially in place of LA is an
infrastructure man I don't think this
city generates enough electricity
through its grid for all of us to be
charging cars at home good point right
because it would if we got all the
millions of cars that are now charging
it would radically change everything
yeah unless everybody switches over to
solar even with solar I don't think is
efficient enough rats the other problem
is now it's a homeowners thing and so
like v's are awesome like if you like
how an Eevee drives and you like the
experience of owning one and it works
for your life like a thousand percent
get an Eevee but is is a 90 percent
Eevee adoption rate in LA something
that's really realistic like not anytime
soon
I just don't think so I'm building a
building right now and so I know I'm
learning about how much power the city
will give me in my building
and I don't have another this I'm
building a brand new building and the
city won't give me enough power to put
more than two level two charges in my
building I was like yo let me get a bank
of five my building would be an Eevee
charging spot and they're like no can do
bro you won't know power so yeah and can
you enhance the amount of power that you
have I mean solar it like solar will
reduce your bill but it doesn't add it
doesn't give you more
amps in the building unless you're
completely off grid correct now we're in
the weeds now you're doing the opposite
you like burning fucking dinosaur fuel
keep your shit go and I don't you know
with a new building I'm no expert but
all the people who are experts are
telling me that I should wait a year or
two and see what my utilities are before
I'd even attempt solar cuz I might you
know you put it in now how do you know
if you've saved any money right right
yeah I'm obligated by law to make my
building solar ready so I had to
reinforce the roof yeah yeah there's a
bunch of shit when you're building a
building that you got to do to in 2019
yeah my building is the only collector
this is our Westside collector car
storage my new business is nice open for
reservations currently yes we'll be open
in January we're a little bit behind but
constructions hard as it turns out it's
the it's the first time that we've ever
put in dorkwad stackers in Southern
California we have four high vehicle
stackers we've eighteen of them what are
you doing about earthquakes the bill 20
19 code dude yeah dude we have we have
more concrete and rebar I mean this
we're up to it we're good for a 1200
earthquake that's already that's the
2020 standard I want a house like that
it's bro we tore a house I poured a
hundred and ten cement trucks that'd be
great if the world's on fire and just
sitting there sipping tea do it well so
you want speaking of that so the wall do
the dividing wall in between the car
storage area and the members lounge my
office of my studio is legally required
to be a two hour firewall so you can sit
there and have a tea and watch a fire on
the other side for two hours and then
just walk out the front door
really yeah that's a law for twofer Cal
for LA for 2019
Wow we had to have the fire code written
for us it's that seems pretty cool
though that they're doing that but
they're making these standards extremely
high I believe that it's good to have
high standards and that you can get it
you know you end up with a higher
quality product and you can then charge
more for it you know and that's sort of
how it works but that's a big leap for
you to just jump in and build some crazy
car storage yeah never done shit like
that's what I think about that like the
amount of money that must cost is
fucking extraordinary I'll tell you
off-mike
yeah yeah yes you know you could
probably guess but it's prey it's rising
it's scary and it started small yeah and
then it and it was like well the model
doesn't work small what about medium
well the model doesn't work medium
either what about big well it only works
big if you build the building you know
because you the the bland is so
expensive that you have to go vertical
and you can't go vertical in an existing
structure because it just doesn't meet
earthquake codes so you have no choice
but to build and then there's a law in
LA that if you build for every thousand
square feet of commercial real estate
you have you need to have two Street
accessible parking spaces so I had to
take a basement so I dug a 7,000 square
foot baseball so I have 30 underground
parking spaces that counts so the half
the cost of the building was digging the
basement Jesus Christ dude yeah and
where is this it's implied Vista it's
across the street from Google and Yahoo
and the Clippers all those dirty rich
people dirty dirty rich people filthy
rich yes wow that's cool you gotta come
see a man it's then coolest where does
Playa Vista what is that near it's right
off the 405 in Jefferson mmm on the way
between Marina del Rey and Elliot oh
yeah yeah yeah yeah perfect for people
who's in out of town
hit me up Westside collector cars
Corazon that's the end of my plug I'm
done come visit but I'm learning so much
about concrete and steel and you know
all this crazy shit concrete's a weird
weird science man oh I'd imagine it's
crazy the pressure testing and there's
different mixtures and they shake all
the rebar to get it to settle it's
fuckin Jesus yeah you gotta wait for the
perfect day to do your poor man building
this for years for years that's right
when we first started talking about is
at least two years ago we broke ground
two years ago I broke ground in August
of seventeen dude you must be shitting
your pants with all that money I'm so
exhausted just know how to handle that
my friends that have built houses before
I'm like fuck man we remodeled our
kitchen once for eight months we were
cooking on a hot plate in the living
room and I was like this is ridiculous
yeah it's it's sex you know it's like a
project car you know we're at the point
where the car looks done right it lay
basically looks done
except there's just so much left to do
and dealing with the city is so so hard
this is why I'm I'm a little less
optimistic about others in terms of the
adoption rates of Vivi's and stuff like
that and and solar and something that is
because it's working with the city for
this stuff is so hard it's taken me so
long to do one stupid fucking building
right like we're looking at a whole city
like I don't know anything crazy do you
think about moving pan Sunshine's free
and weeds legal so nice good I know
that's corny as fuck but makes me go
let's do it it goes a long way yo what
about that Kevin Smith shit Kevin Smith
was up and you're talking about his
snooty boo cheese bro just weed I know
it isn't I know it is but I had to
thought when I was listening to your
show and it was like you're telling me
the fictional drug dealer from that
movie I loved when I was 13 is now a
real drug dealer but legally and as that
movie character that is some crazy-ass
shit yeah that's basically what is it
like Tyson weed this is Mike Tyson wait
yeah how about that do I go get a face
tattoo afterwards is that you don't
these sell this like this yeah it's a
full Godfather blunt yeah giant fat
blunt that looks like poison crazy
that is awesome all right it's pretty
fucking good dude what do we need to
talk about with cars is there anything
else shouting in the industry that you
want to know about well I mean the tie
can I don't think we've like completely
covered it no my question with all these
cars is what is next right it's like
right we're seeing these incredible 0 to
60 under 3 second times yeah see we're
going to eventually see the range
increase but if you had asked me 10
years ago are we gonna see a 2.4 zero to
60 sedan that feels like it's violating
physics when you stomp on the gas I mean
that's what I Drive and yeah laptop for
a screen yeah we've gotten to a about I
don't know right right
maybe 10 years ago or so the the the
trajectory of increased
performance got very steep yeah where
you know the new version of every car
has a hundred more horsepower and now
we've got these high-performance V's and
with a high-performance Eevee you know
you built a dragster that that's a
fuckin dragster I mean the the the Tyco
on does your does the quarter-mile on
the low tens I mean so you can you know
I don't want to be flippant and say all
it takes is money but all it takes is
money
you walk into a dealer and you buy in a
dragster that you know you you're
sitting in an arch NHRA license to run
that fast now you could do it on the way
to Whole Foods that's great you know and
so with Taikan the real difference for
me but sweet I get in Tesla is the
steering and handling because Tesla's
have very videogame be steering it's
accurate and it's sharp but it's not I
don't feel it know this the Taikan has
the steering system from the Porsche 919
and so it feels like a Porsche and so
when I drove it I texted you I go Joe
this is for you well Tesla figured out
how to make it go fast and they figured
out how to make it handle pretty good
and make it cool they figured how to
make it an Eevee cool because v's
remember the rav4 eveything ed begley
was driving in the 90s like what is this
Jamie video that I was one of the things
that makes Porsche Taikan different is
they have a two speed transmission your
Tesla is one gear so your Tesla from
zero to 120 is bananas but it pretty
much dies off because it runs out of
gear because most people don't really
need to go faster than that but Porsche
with their auto bond stuff they need
more at the top end so the tie can
actually switches into second gear and
keeps pulling like crazy you know above
80 to 100 miles an hour
and the biggest difference though
dynamically is like you know how in your
Tesla you can drive with one foot like
one pedal when you lift off the pedal it
breaks the car yeah and so you can
pretty much drive around one foot Taikan
doesn't do that so Porsche believes that
the kinetic energy built up by motion is
better used by allowing the car to just
coast as far as possible than by hitting
the region and capturing it in the four
of breaking the way that Tesla does now
you can turn that function off in the
Tesla does that have an impact on what
but if it's doing that does it does it
have an impact on the way it feels well
it feels I mean yes because you have to
use the brakes more in every time a car
quicker to use the brakes more to do it
mean to do have regenerative do we know
it doesn't necessarily slow the car down
faster just means easy to zero time no
in fact if I I believe that Porsche is
ultimately better at that it's did that
the only real difference is that when
you lift off the gas and a Tesla it
slows down as if someone is applying the
brakes yeah in the Porsche you just pure
coast it's a pure coast and it and it's
a really it's it's an even more of a
coast that feeling than a gasoline car
it's like you're freed of all restraint
like because after I'm fuckin mobbed up
the mountain in that video that I sent
you yeah I was like oh shit dude I've
only got like 40 miles of range left I
gotta get off this bloody Hill yeah and
so I was at the high point in the hill
and I go let's coast and so I just
coasted and I was like let's see how far
I can go without touching the brakes and
I got this motherfucker coasting up to
like a hundred miles an hour taking
corners and not using the brace because
the handling and the grip are so good I
coached in like 12 miles down the hill -
what about a deer what about a boy
groaning boy awareness Oh about that
alertness shit while I'm filming and
I've never been able to not stop the car
no I believe me I know you can drive but
I saw the guys a little log down the
road just unfree on a chain oh my god
there was a guy in a Ford Explorer
driving in a windy Canyon like this make
a video this yeah I got caught it on
camera and with a log like the size of
like a car engine just free on a chain
swinging swinging yes take it outside
Jesus Christ craziness sometimes I
almost threw that video in the garbage -
it's amazing how little of that there
really oh yeah here it is I think it
right there back it up 20 seconds Jaime
20 more yeah so come around this corner
look long
just free dragging that is so crazy if
he thinks that so and if you back the
video up like 30 more seconds Jamie you
can actually see not in the very
beginning a little forward you can see
see the trail that the log has made on
the road it's it made like a like a line
of kind of dirt on the road and it goes
back and forth across the road and you
go well what the hell was that that's so
crazy
you know what's really crazy about that
that could start a fire oh my god that
isn't it probably but it could also
swing into an oncoming car that's like a
500 swing into an oncoming car that guy
definitely doesn't have control of it
it's definitely a terrible terrible idea
but I managed on a supercharged
Lamborghini doing that that's by the way
that's not my YouTube video someone has
stolen my youtube video motherfuckers
yeah motherfuckers these motherfuckers
know I hit that fraud protection Jamie
that's incredible
that's like a crazy thing to see yeah
this is knuckleheads out there man
there's a lot of them I go quick but I
go up there at times that I I know
almost almost for certain that the road
is empty
mmm I that the roads that I use are not
commuter roads and I go there at times
where there's it's highly unlikely to
see people that's the same amount of
time in the day where that guy drags
logs
seems out hey when I drag my logs no
one's on that fucking Mountain damn it
what are you doing up there speaking
that's true that's my boys logs man
points too heavy to pick up I've seen
other we should I've seen people doing
push-ups in the street I've seen Christ
I've seen people on horseback in the
street some guy just died who is a
world-class climber do you hear that
when I fell he found a thousand feet not
the not the not Alex Honnold
nose did you think that did you have had
him on twice he's fascinating that movie
is crazy
dude he's on another level he's like a
Zen master yeah cuz he kind of he is
that like smoke show of a girlfriend he
pretty much tells like you know you just
do your thing I'm gonna be on this wall
dude he freaks me I mean freaks me out
to the point where like talking about
him my hands start sweating I get super
nervous oh my god I got real sweaty
watching that movie freaked out thinking
about him what he does is like
off-the-charts nuts man he's he's a
thousand feet in the air and he's just
no hand I mean no rope it's holding on
with one hand straight t-shirt fuck I
can't that's something in in that movie
what's the name of the fucking movie
free solo thank you for Issa when he
goes you have to put your thumb and it's
like on this postage stamp side up yep
and that's how he's staying alive fuck
this
that's crap out of stay calm do you I
don't have that thing yeah I got none of
that can't it's I can't do that shit no
I'm not interested I'm amazed that he
can and I'm fascinated to watch him it's
like I just don't want him never get
hurt he's a really nice guy
I mean he's you feel like he just needs
to be on that edge right some of those
people just they need that my hands are
sweaty talking like a tell me to fuck or
maybe that's maybe that's Mike Tyson's
weed it's Mike Tyson's we connect
Tyson's weed and that Oh picture what
about taking that picture that guy get
it down Jamie fucking hell
tell me how you like your grande Seiko
watches they're very nice the last time
I came on the show I talked to you about
my grande Seiko watch and your show is
so good for business that I got a
handwritten letter from the CEO of grits
wow that's very nice they make beautiful
stuff they do
I love mechanical shit yeah I love
things where someone's making it and
there's gears and there's innovation and
I'm just fat I don't know what what part
of our monkey brain is so fascinated by
innovation and craftsmanship and shit
like what cooling me about watches is
like they're these crazy math machines
in and I had a watch called an IWC
perpetual calendar then was think it's a
company was like a big fuck
tank of a watch and it would do time the
day date the month the year four digits
year that the moon phase and had a
powers and it basically would it knew
all the leap years it knew how many days
that's it how many days there are in a
month and you if you kept this fucking
thing wound and I'll either wearing it
or on a winder you didn't have to adjust
it for four hundred years
like you don't have to adjust it until
the year two thousand four hundred
that's fuckin crazy
that just Springs and wheels dude in
that nuts that really is nuts and when
you put it that way
it's it's astonishing because it's it's
an interesting combination of
engineering and art yeah right and
there's this really pretty yeah but it
also it's it's phenomenal engineering
like who are the wizards behind that
there's a new there's a watch called a
Vacheron Constantin they that is its it
looks like a clock it's like as big as
this clock it has the most complications
of any watch ever made has fifty seven
complications so one mainspring drives
57 different spring and gear sets that
do 57 different things and that will and
it will continue like that that's some
funky weird ice about that is I don't
know about is that's a weird shit but uh
yeah that's bonkers I don't but I don't
mean it's someone's doing that that
that's what they're doing and making the
and the here's a really bonkers thing
when you find out that they started
making them in like the 40s and like wow
oh you mean a guy who's worked on one
watch for like a decade number like if
you think about like automatic watches
like like Rolex or something like that
when did they start making those well
mechanical watches they've been making
since like the 1700s if you want to talk
about strictly like the automatic
winding rotor just a Jamie it's Vacheron
Constantin seven convocation is when was
the first automatic winding
why it was like in the early like
probably World War two time yeah yeah
the winding rotor may be a little early
maybe like the 20s it might have
actually so that what you're looking at
that's one side there's there's there's
shit on both sides of that thing what
isn't that crazy
what is all that nonsense it's so much
shit I don't even know I honestly don't
even know read that I don't know and
there's a list there's a Wikipedia page
for that watch that has the list of all
the complications but but something like
that you're literally talking like it's
probably six or seven million dollars to
buy some of that some someone just paid
thirty thirty million dollars for a
watch y-yeah the most I think it was
might have been the most expensive as a
Patek it's a weird thing right because
it is the gentleman's jewelry right yeah
it's the gentleman's jewelry where it's
like literally 90% for other guys like
yeah look at that movement though yeah
specific subset of other guys yeah and
it's it's um you know we don't get to
like we don't we don't really get to
wear diamonds and shit around no but we
got to have a trophy so it's okay check
this out you'll like this my friend
Cameron Weiss made this this is a Weiss
watch company watch designed and
manufactured exclusively in Los Angeles
every bit of that watch made in Los
Angeles Wow
he got me that for when I first met him
and he makes them by hand every one of
them pretty super murca like oh fuck
yeah oh my god can I tell you yes that I
just saw there is a Fast and the Furious
musical parody that these dudes came up
with and they're doing it in this little
theater here the dynasty typewriter
theater and it is like the team America
of fast and furious and it's the fucking
funniest thing I've ever seen I went
twice Wow
and let's go it's just called The Fast
and the Furious musical parody but it's
they have like women play a bunch like
Tyrese like Ludacris are played by women
it's fuck and great it was written by
these guys Brad
SIL nut sir and Joey Orton they came my
podcast and this is one of the funniest
things I've ever seen and I don't know
you got me on a team America tangent
dude I went there what a great idea it's
fucking hilarious dude and so great
anyway are you still alive your second
show of the day
damn fine the solution is either less
drugs or more drugs
well marijuana takes everything to that
weird hard left it's like no matter what
you were doing during your day before
you smoked weed now you're doing this
what should we talk about like some
conspiracy theories or something kill
himself I don't think he did nope I
think you might not have maybe maybe
this what are the odds that he did if
you had a bet if I was in Vegas I want
to give you odds like hey the odds he
did come on Matt 10% 10% is where I've
got it I don't I don't want to say it's
like zero but I think it's like 10%
I think it's low so would you plunk down
a hundred bucks on a ten to one is that
that he did kill himself no yeah
probably yeah you'd want ten do you want
more than ten to one that he did kill
himself no I'd think there's only a 10%
chance he killed right okay yeah fucking
with these numbers here making it I
don't know how you're however you're
converting it to odds it's falling apart
I get it sorry I get it it doesn't seem
going no way though do not seem likely
no he's crazy you could still do that
did you see the Ford electric car
absolute suicide guard say there's boots
for a broken system well that's a
defense the defense is just we were
incompetent not we killed him hmm
dude who knows that's Jurassic weird
shit going on behind the scenes man
what's going on behind the scene that
somebody could sneak somebody in to kill
somebody if that's what happened what's
going oh this gets an inside person they
don't have another sneak somebody in
that person's already inside the cameras
are off bro that's crazy fuck cameras
were cameras were off whoops sorry
yeah the cameras come on
bro I have cameras at my house they're
never fucking off come on when the
cameras are off - I've heard repeated a
few times but not more recent that there
there was screaming heard from his cell
that someone heard screaming
yeah that's not stopped being repeated
now so bro we live in a fucking crazy
world yeah that's dark um I don't know
hi Hey
it's just that's probably the biggest
public conspiracy theory that most
people believe in do you think most
people believe it was a it was a hit I
would say most people I just read about
one last night is there a pole is there
a Pew poll on though should they tried
to overthrow FDR 1935 in this general
was like The Whistleblower Fork because
the people that were supposedly trying
to do it we're trying to get him to be
like the face to talk people into doing
it and so he wouldn't talk to Congress
about it his name's like Smedley Butler
I think Smedley Butler was a Medal of
Honor winner and they called him out and
everyone said oh no that's just a lot as
a joke there might have been some stuff
being talked about in this meeting but
we were never gonna do anything they
said they had 500,000 soldiers that were
gonna march on DC to take over and they
had some general they're gonna put a
place as addictive as a book written
about a couple years ago and this guy
Smedley Butler wrote a book in 1935
called like wars around Wars Iraqi yeah
Wow Wow so he knew about all that yeah
yeah I just read about this last night
Jesus how do you know it was a source
the book that it's called um like the
time the conspiracy to overthrow the
government and then it's all it's all
about him it's a really long book that
just came out about like overthrowing
FDR Wow hmm I guess none of this shit is
like new I feel like I haven't been I'm
like I just turned 38 and I feel like I
didn't really start paying attention to
anything until you know isn't like my
mid-20s or whatever yeah and it's been
you know
yeah Bush was a piece of shit and then
it kind of seemed on the surface like
Obama was kind of normal but like it and
now obviously we live in crazy town but
but it I think it I think I feel like
it's new
and it's not new and this kind of shit
has just happened over and over and over
again well it's the remnants of an
ancient society I mean we're dealing
with this ancient system that was
created long before we had anything
resembling our way of communicating that
we have now it's all set up you know we
have a government like ours it's set up
in this way it's like is this the ideal
way to do it or is it just the way we've
been doing it forever you know what I
mean yeah I don't think I don't think
our bureaucracy can move fast enough to
keep up with the technology I think
there are a hundred some real problems
I don't think culture can keep up I
don't think I design to handle the kind
of communication that I feel like I have
to handle in terms of like I have an
Instagram page with like 225,000 people
and it's a lot less than you but I think
you do a better job of like detaching
from it than I do
yeah maybe you just keep yourself busy
er than I do I've been busy is important
that it is but it's I just feel like I'm
not designed to handle interpersonal
communication with that volume of people
yeah who just feel that they can say
what the fuck ever yeah and they're
trying to push your button yeah fuck
with you yeah that's kind of frustrating
we're all learning to communicate with
each other like this and we're all
learning to you know interact in real
time with this new technology that no
one saw coming you know this new ability
to communicate this didn't exist before
yeah it's weird for all of us it's weird
for the dummies like me and it's weird
for the really smart people that create
all this technology yeah we're opening
up this new realm of human communication
I think by just by making every byte you
know by breaking it into two e's you
know it's gotta be the short thoughts
and all that's an angry man yeah but
just in terms of like if you watch like
look it our access to the news like our
access to like these stories that are
going on in Hong Kong you could like
specifically focus on and try to follow
and you can follow it pretty much all
day long all these protests and stuff
like that it's like it doesn't matter
if the networks are sanctioning it
people are paying attention to things
like that
yeah when things like that happen they
become these worldwide things that
everybody is following along with that
was never the case before man you had to
wait for the news you to wait for them
to tell you what's going on in Germany
that's true yeah no I think so weird now
so do you think that that we actually
live in what is probably generally a
much better place we just hear so much
more bad shit that we think it's worse
well I think we're just aware of way
more information than we're supposed to
be overlooked all the load and I think
that's one of the reasons why so many
people are anxious I think just our
sheer numbers are wearing on like the
way we feel I actually have developed
like real anxiety just about fucking
life which I think it's directly related
probably to like my internet consumption
you know what I mean oh for sure
I think use like social media of doing
that accentuated your interests you know
this is the reason why so many people
getting fights on Facebook oh yes when
you is it amplifies the angry the more
you get upset at things the more you
interact so because of that they send
you things that make you upset but isn't
it that that's what you gravitate
towards so Ari Shaffir actually did a
test yeah you did with puppies or Sierra
and he just got all puppies yeah just
start searching puppies and guess what
how long did it take for him to get all
puppies I wasn't that long it was pretty
quick so it's not that it's malicious on
its own it's that we are cunts yeah
we're cunts
yeah it just it's like it's like a
mushroom trip right where it's just if
you feel good it spirals up and if you
feel bad it spirals down yeah it's the
same kind of thing and it so it's but we
can manage it I think we can manage it I
think we just have to be nicer to each
other I really do I think people can
manage it it's so easy to be nice in
person but it's so hard to be nice to
some fucking you know to someone who
opens with what a piece of shit you are
and is like you know it's a your way of
communicating is terrible it's not you
can get great stuff from it but it also
opens up the door to great continously
the greatest cousin it's because it's
like free shots and people and it's just
weird to do it's like weird to just
someone you don't even know just insult
right but it but they can do that to you
and they feel free to do that to you and
they don't think of you as another
person they think of you as some person
who's in some public position so it's
it's a free shot yeah yeah yeah they
think you should have thicker skin they
think that they don't realize that you
get into a job like this because you're
insecure sure but it's also listen
nobody saw this coming like we should
all be nice yeah about there are this
new level of communication that we all
have you know we see things on your
phone that are coming to you from the
air and they're streaming in real-time I
can't imagine what it's like to be a
child who can grow up with the amount of
porn
oh my god like I don't want to go into
this kind of a tangent too far but like
Jesus Christ what does go like you know
when I was a kid go to work for it right
you know it's always someone's stepdad
or at a big collection or I had to do
floppies I mean I was I was on some I
was on little the hard the hard floppy
disks you know yeah that's that was that
was the 90s kid it was still a challenge
now way too easy it's weird right yeah
like there's there's definitely there's
definitely a concern there's a there's a
there's also there's not just a concern
that you have access to porn how about
the fact that porn is completely shaped
the way people do their pubic hair porn
one Dysport do you think porn reflects
society or society reflects porn I don't
know but if there was a let go a culture
contest to see how you trim your pubes
completely won out definitely
right you can't be a girl and just be
chaos anymore right can you do that is
that a is that a move you can't it's a
specific fetish for that you have to use
cheese yeah Ari Shaffir is gonna have to
use different keywords together that
find Ari they'll find them
what's what really weirds me out about
porn is they've really transitioned to
in all step-siblings kind of when I
don't know what happened fucking this is
gross
I said when did everything get dirty
everything is a result of divorce
culture something it's something all the
divorce the kids of divorces is grown up
to watch step-brother born and whatever
stepbrother and stepsister giant right
now fucking gross it's 90 percent of
titles you're supposed to be my sister
fucker we watching boys are more
depressing job than writing that
dialogue but why do people here's a
question why do people want to be so
naughty
like what is it because that's not well
that's not new people wanting to write
naughty that's not not new no but why do
pop why do they always want to push it
pushing it
they want people gag image that says
shit dude the risk becomes the thing a
friend of mine is like in the music
business and like you know he's like a
recovering you know super junky and had
a theory that a lot of the celebrities
who have died of auto-erotic
asphyxiation were former heroin users
and once they get sober the only way to
get close is by jacking off with a
fucking belt around you Hey and that
that seems to be a common thread and
that maybe those deaths weren't exactly
suicides so that there's there's maybe a
conspiracy theory there well if you were
gonna kill somebody that would be a good
way to do it well I don't think they
were murdered I think they were she was
they were labeled as suicides and we're
talking about like Chris Cornell
ordained and you know it's a theory I
guess I mean I don't think that was the
case of Bourdain but it's Syria the
argument is that people who have had the
high of heroin the only way they can get
close to that without drugs is by doing
that that's a crazy suggestion if
there's a crazy suggestion I don't think
that's the case but maybe and I don't
know I don't know I don't think maybe
Epstein was trying to jerk off I don't
oh Jesus Christ
Jamie's like I'm letting it go I'm not
even gonna jump today open up a hole
yeah
I don't know how we got down the porn
tangent it's probably my fault but
little she got buddy
ending your rides a weird weird idea you
know deciding to end your ride and it's
probably something where people like
feel like they don't have control over
their life and they want to take it
maybe oh man something I think some
people just feel bad
they're sad all the time and you just
wanted to stop it just makes sense that
if if some people like or frail in
certain ways we just accept that but if
they're frail in their happiness we
don't you know like if someone's born
with some sort of disease and this
disease affects them we feel bad for
them oh shit but if we're born something
this is a mem like if you're bored sad
yeah yes it makes sense I mean that you
could be born with like a shitty level
of dopamine yeah your brains not
producing enough don't like something I
wiring is not totally oh yeah I've known
my share of depressed and more bipolar
and or borderline people it's scary and
sad it is but we have a we-we're
diversion it goes back to our like
primate days you know we wanna like I
want to get those people away from us I
have a where I had already think for a
long time I wanted to fix them it was a
real fixer for a while and it's not a
healthy place to be in that's a bad spot
ya know you and it's it that there
there's a if you want to be fix up guy
that comes from a whole list he wrote
fucking me yeah no no yeah don't do that
no I got married to it the most amazing
woman ever I'm very lucky and a rules
I'm sorry thank you socially it was my
birthday though today like two nights
ago she got me Benihana lessons at
Benihana and then I went back later that
day and I cooked at Benihana for like
all my friends it was like life goals
achieved so they let you cook there yeah
they teach you how to cuss and then they
let you cook onion volcano the whole
shit no dude it's on my Instagram
great gift how many how long is the
lessons like an hour and a half it's not
hard oh so you must be a cooker right
I'm already a cook yeah yeah and not
only am i cook I'm a huge hibachi so
you've made when the money in volcanoes
before I practiced at my house cuz I was
so excited you're hilarious behind
because it look cuz I popped into flame
but she thought I was gonna lay my face
on fire and she was right I almost did
oh that's hilarious
yeah fucking onion volcanoes dude it's a
great boomerang right there I know but
it's one of the rare truly great
boomerangs I think like one of the top
comments on that post is this is the
only good boomerang in the history look
at this lighter the lighter fails so I
almost light my face on fire when I get
it to work you know look whoa son you
almost lost some eyelashes oh fuck that
but yo it's a really good birthday
present life rules
she got me axe throwing lessons one year
she got me blacksmithing lessons one
year she likes to get me fun lessons for
things who's the expert out there
throwing axes so fuck what's the guy's a
Michael Jordan of axe yes no there is oh
shit oh they're gonna kill me for not
here's a hilarious name a DVD series and
shit oh really yeah it's I want to say
it's like Lester diamond but that's the
guy from casino it's something like that
if you google knife-throwing lessons la
you might come up with it buddy but
that's yes now they have like they've
opened like knife and axe throwing bars
now really this was two years ago but
now you can like go like it's like a
bowling alley but you throw axes oh my
god right axe throws in the world I
don't want to be around a lot of dudes
who want to throw axes No are you going
to the axe throwing spot that's like
some Viking shit darts right with axes
yeah yo there's a hilarious video from
yesterday of like keen on the judge on
the campaign trail trying to do a axe
throw but like out door and he straight
over throws the axe misses the target
entirely and hits the dudes drum in the
marching band
somebody brain somebody like a Stephen
King book first you imagine first
presidential candidates a birder
somebody with a hit the dude in the head
with an axe and the dude just yeah if
Trump did it his supporters would
probably like him or you can really test
that shoot somebody on Fifth Avenue
theory
I don't know video of the axe missing
and hitting the guy's drum is crazy
fucking fun I've been on this audiobook
Native American kick uh-huh I listen to
two different ones and the one I'm
listening to now is like history son of
the morning star and my friend Steve
Rinella recommended it to me
holy shit dude just like I get nervous
when I watch Alex Connell oh wait here's
the happiness no it's not no oh I'm
sorry I apologize apologize mayor Pete
oh shit Fox News Cosby Hesketh I
apologize people judge my bad but a Fox
News hope through a fucking axe and hit
somebody
oh my god so first of all why the fuck
is there a band playing behind whose
idea was that
oh my god I'm sorry judge that was Pete
oh sorry the different Pete but that's
fucking horrible you do some famous Pete
I I'm sorry I wash on my man this
morning so so Fox News guy matches just
a just a news guy who killed somebody
accidentally with an axe
and not a presidential candidate oh just
a news guy poor guy just right he just
sucks it thrown in axe bro set this up
put a band behind the fucking target how
trusting are you how many practice shots
you think he took none zero
you're too like how many people who
could throw an accident downtown
you kill the guy with an axe in New York
you think the DP was like ah can you
bring the band around they're not in the
shot
let's get that band man Jesus Christ
that's fucking bad I'm sorry I'm sorry
mayor Pete I thought it was you this the
reason why I brought this table see this
book is horrific
it's all these accounts of what happened
between the settlers and the Native
Americans Oh oh my god it wasn't good I
listened to that podcast the dollop
which is like a history podcast fucking
the people in this that came to this
country who were so horrible to the
people that were here it's so depressing
yes yeah for sure there it was horrible
with disease
it was horrible with there's the amount
of people that just came across the land
they killed all the Buffalo they they
wiped literally every Native American
tribe out of power and they put them on
reservations in the reservations Kansas
right it just kept getting smaller and
smaller and smaller dude there's a lot
to it there's a lot to it it's amazing
the stories that like the stories of the
different tribes are just amazing that
just the differences between the ones
who lived in the east versus like the
Comanches who were mostly just traveling
and living in teepees and following the
Buffalo the ones in the East Room were
like permanently settled in kind of one
place right yeah a lot of them you know
we're into agriculture they were growing
they didn't even really have use for
horses they weren't into horses to move
white people steal their farming
techniques to I think probably for sure
you stole everything I'm reading a book
called I think it's called the history
of the greater United States it's by I
think that's correct but it's about all
of like the US territories that are like
outside of our the continental United
States and just like ways we fucked over
Native people and we you know they're
part of America but they're not States
so they don't have to they don't get to
vote they don't either do anything just
like we've used these islands and
countries and stuff strategically all
over the world and it's a slog through
it but it's it's kind of the kind of
stuff you kind of got a read right we
got it you should probably know yeah
like what are we doing we're doing what
I feel like I I went to a very good
schools I went to looking good college
and a good high school and like I did
not learn a lot of really important
things I learned a very winner-take-all
version of history that I'm not pleased
about I missed out on everything I
wasn't paying attention to shit until I
was like 28 yeah but now you now you pay
attention to everything yeah but before
then I mean all throughout high school
the time that I did spend going to
college was only so that no one would
think I was a loser I was I was just was
it that binary if you're not in college
you're a loser and if you're in college
you're not it was a huge insecurity with
me because I knew I didn't want to do it
and I knew like whatever that led to
like I don't I just I'm not interested I
don't have the discipline yeah sit in
class listen I was too spastic I wasn't
interested so crazy that you can't sit
in class and listen and yet you can do
the double header three-hour podcast
that's not hard we're talking about cool
shit you're a cool guy you're fun to
talk to
it's it's it's the way the material is
delivered huh and the last one was you
know what you'll see but it's way more
these two guys talking than me no I'm
mostly moderated and mostly wound up
agreeing with the guy who made the game
changers documentary mostly with what he
was saying in terms of science in terms
of whether or not it's healthy to eat a
hundred percent vegan diet according to
everything he's showing me it is yeah
according to everything he was showing
me and he had as much science as you
could no no it's just a matter of doing
it properly
absolutely Kevin Smith on your show I've
considered trying to do like a vegan
month or a vegan week or something I
haven't gone through with it yet but I'm
probably gonna I think it's different
for different people too I really do I
think some people have real issues with
it some people have gotten off the vegan
diet and they've they've quit and they
like a seat a little less me really well
I mean it's really I think it's
different for everybody to men I think
some people could do it with no problems
and I think other people struggle more
and I don't know why I'm not a
nutritionist but I know that a lot of
people that wind up trying it out
eventually give up
it's like 84% I know a couple story ins
yeah but I don't have like a moral
judgment for it or anything
just feel like maybe it's something
worth trying because I eat a lot of meat
yeah I'm trying to get I have you know
if I wrote a business plan for my new
place as you do when you have a new
business and the first thing on the
business plan is by my 40th birthday I
want to be the healthiest I've ever been
well I don't think cutting meat out is
the move see this is what I think about
all this like I think you could
definitely be healthy and be a vegan
according to everything this guy was
showing me everything James Wilkes was
showing I don't really want to be a
vegan but I like me have no moral qualms
with it and I like how it tastes
I don't wanna be good but I thought
maybe if I did a little bit I can at
least try wise it makes a difference no
I think the real thing to do is
omnivorous diets and I think this is one
of the things that we proved today in
this conversation between Chris crusher
and James Wilkes is that the omnivorous
diet is like a natural healthy thing you
can do a vegan diet though you can do it
right according to everything he was
showing me today and I believe this too
if you're just doing it correctly if you
monitor your nutrient levels you take
you know vitamin b12 supplements just
something he advocates I was like that
makes sense to me but I don't believe
that means bad for you I think that
sedentary lifestyle shitty foods yeah
you've been eating meat since the
beginning of time yeah yeah this is how
we became people literally one of the
primary theories for why the human brain
got so big so quick you had more access
to protein because we're cooking things
with fire and we learned how to hunt
better because we our brains kept
growing as we're just figuring out the
throwing arm they think is a possible
factor like somehow another the ability
to throw something at something and tell
it like made us my doctor some farther
away that's a gates caves yeah bro we're
so weak all compared to like animals
yeah yeah an animal fuck us up so any
any even a small ish animal focus I've
seen will kick your fucking here just
kicking it yeah yeah yeah I get it we
need we need we need to leave some help
these and weapons I wouldn't we were
like though let me imagine going back
and seeing what a person was like when
we started becoming people
fucking freaky with that baby like
ciarn everything oh my god just real
scared but like what would it be like to
just hang out a tribe of Neanderthals
and see what they were likely a
different kind of person
yeah I wonder if it would be I mean like
mentally freeing your singularly focused
on food and shelter and not you know I
don't know if you have the your you know
you know a lot of like the fucking
worries that we have but it could be
awful simple but at the same time the
constant fear of starving and freezing
to death that would be shit all that's
bad we're gonna get there dude gonna end
up in Waterworld pretty fuckin witch
alright what future movie from the last
30 years do you think our current
reality is the closest to matrix really
the matrix because you were living in a
simulation you think it's gotten so
weird that it doesn't matter whether or
not we're living in a simulation cuz
life itself in reality itself is almost
all augmented with some new factors like
technology like that whenever the
technology is that we're using to
communicate with all these people stop
check in here to say something cool
what's new who's got a fucking new video
I could watch to distract me for 15
seconds Oh who Bert and Tom are in a
dance-off yeah look at this and you're
just constantly looking at the goddamn
thing yeah I am trying to I'm not doing
well at it but I got a I've got a
fucking get my phone out of my fucking
hand that you know it's a good guilt
shame er is that little status thing
that's like oh you've been on your phone
for five hours and change you know what
they're like those who like the
cigarette warnings to tell you're gonna
get cancer you like somebody else not me
yeah I'm not addicted to my phone I know
I am I I feel like I am IH and I
justified to myself sometimes by saying
well I have a virtual job and I have to
be doing this for work but like I think
that's not true a lot of the time I
think it's not true a lot of time I
think it's good to definitely give
yourself some distance and some time
away from it but
I also think it's fascinating because we
I don't we don't know where this is
going
yeah we don't know what this is gonna be
like in X amount of years from now it's
really dangerous that these companies
have so much control over the
information that you see and that your
news feed and someone's news feed on the
other side of the country or whatever
could be just so much different just
you're literally looking at different
facts it's fuckin crazy it is crazy this
is very crazy I don't even know how you
like how do you reconcile that unless
like people voluntarily take
responsibility is it fuck is it possible
to decide that Facebook and Twitter and
whatever are like public utilities well
that's what people have proposed that we
treat it like anything that you know
that everybody kind of should have
access to and we protected under the
First Amendment yeah that's the idea I
think that what's the net neutrality
status right now today I know it was
like getting fought back and forth did
it end did it end up anywhere I don't
know I remember when they used to have a
terrorist like a caller yeah Orange
yeah like Code Orange yeah we'd be all
walking around like what are we are we
encode orange or yellow to get to yellow
yeah somebody had a bit about that was
you I'm sure I did I remember bit
someone I did about the code I don't
think I ever put it on anything I don't
know we had one I think there was a few
comics that had a bit on that too that
might have been part of the issue it was
one of those things where everybody was
like recognizing how ridiculous it was
yeah it was we had codes we have the
fire the fire code now here you know the
abyss the code fuck can you give me a
code of terrorist attack or no terrorist
attack do about it actually you're
getting me closer to a possible
terrorist attack okay and you don't even
have to tell me what's going on that's
that's where it gets crazy when it when
it goes from orange to red what do I do
yeah what do you do they don't even come
to Westside collect all our storage it's
like a bunker oh they did design is it
312 yeah that's a good place to hide out
in case it all goes down first sure I
could see us bolting that store down and
fuck
fighting off zombies do you ever watch
those zombie shows I am familiar I have
stop look you know this is just violent
porn right it's weird and then you start
shopping for zombie apocalypse via is
that even love with that Land Cruiser
out there yeah it's all beautiful this
article start thinking how would I fuck
this zombie up what would I do if I was
Rick I'll you know what I live I live
down by the beach and so for me I get
I'm like what am I gonna do when the
tsunami comes
oh that's I'm just waiting for what are
you doing don't you know better the
water I don't I'm actually waiting for
like waves to just come straight there
beachfront pasadena sun high-rise front
row just wait yeah that's what the fuck
happens then if your address doesn't
exist anymore right right look we all
know that they find these ancient
civilizations but we do find I mean you
don't find that you know they've never
found it lay on us but they've found
some pretty cool shit yeah in the ocean
yeah do you ever see those things they
found I think in the Bahamas it's like
these stones that look like it looks
like a passageway like cut stone cut
into the ground yeah yeah yeah these
gigantic stones looks like some sort of
an underground passage or an underwater
passageway it seems like I remember that
I think at one point they were like
probably entrances made of wood or
something that you know have rotted away
yeah underground stones yeah I don't
know no did they identify that those did
they think those man-made they think
that they're man-made order or they're
scientists that think that that's an
answer isn't there there's a portion of
that that is absolute that's it's called
the mini wrote he wrote yeah so is that
for sure man-made I could swear portions
of it are same fuck though this I don't
know I just reminded me of something I
just heard recently that I did never
it's never come up on here's from what I
remember that there's like a Stonehenge
type structure on the bottom of Lake
Michigan that people found recently
really what
the fuck Joe some spirity radar just
went off the mark I know ones I like - I
don't like conspiracies about emptiness
maybe Michigan's stone it look people
are still alive
that's pretty there's a lot of weird
pictures I've seen of this try and look
up to think that there's like a mastodon
Carver I don't think that's the actual
one whoa take someone to add it to this
but that looks like it was done in spray
paint in 2008 it's that but it I don't I
just stumbled across this online while
we were on bacon break last night and I
was like what I've never heard of this I
need to start using some of your guys
keywords just start searching for shit I
feel like my keywords are are narrow
what I'm doing my my internet disliking
time wasting and I'm I'm not getting the
kind of results you guys are getting
this book that I've been listening to it
was so intense man the Indian what all
makes me think about is like how all
this shit must have been when it went
down
just a bloodiness of it oh my god
horrific on both sides
Oh horrific just terrifying stories of
classic who recorded the stories people
that survived people that wrote letters
to their loved ones that you know they
piece things together find out when it
happened
get their best story the best story they
can get about like Custer's last stand
and what he was like whoa dude that's
150 160 years ago yeah that's nothing my
own but just happened oh it's real
recent those fucking people were just
like us we have iPhones exactly yeah
those crazy people I think I might have
told you this last time I was here I
don't remember that I met Dick Van Dyke
Show which was surreal and weird I think
he's 92 but this the most surreal and
weird thing he told me was that his
grandmother shook Abraham Lincoln's hand
oh my god so like that's you know what I
mean the grandmother somebody alive
right now I did tell you that I think
they fucking amazed because I think it's
just like possible and I think there's a
president like the 8th or 10th President
or something right that now that had
like has like a living grandchild
fuck yeah like had kids at 75 had kids
at 75 it's it's fucking crazy that's not
that long ago that's people just like us
with none of the information that we
have it's so recent yeah you know I've
already O's lit lion gardener
Tyler's senior two of his own children
still alive so president Tyler has
living grandchildren John Tyler 175
years ago I had a bid on my special my
last special where I was talking about
that the United States is founded in
1776 and people lived to be 100 they out
three people of yeah yeah like we don't
want to think of that yeah but that's
really what it is yeah fuck all this
generations talk that's confusing yeah
how many people ago birth today it's not
a lot they say a hundred years no tech
yeah if you're gonna gauge it like a car
what's your zero to 60 and 100 years
from a hundred years ago yeah it's like
people go it's fucking crazy with a foot
that's like a full Elon Musk tank right
cuz like if you burn it out you're not
gonna live to be a hundred yeah but some
people do get to be a hundred so still
central miles on that fucking charge
there's cars around now years ago yes
and they work you can drive them yeah a
friend of mine has many that you have
fun actually
dude it's um it's that's Oh a weird
concept right yeah with you going from
the horse to where we're at now in no
100 years is bananas in no time yeah
yeah which is why I like you know I I
believe like that like electric cars are
awesome and they're cool and and I think
that in places like really dense urban
areas where where you have a significant
number of them you get cleaner air and
all that kind of stuff but I I just
don't know if that's necessarily what
our future requires because I think that
like the big the big the big industries
have have sort of done this well if
everybody does our little part
and we all buy an electric car and
recycle we can solve this when it's
really sort of like maybe a few less
cargo ships would be a big difference
maybe like
guaranteeing stuff gets from China to
you in 12 hours is not really what we
need at the expense of our environment
and if that's the I don't think you need
to like you know have everybody needs to
go buy an electric car I don't think
that's really necessary well there's a
lot of shit that needs to be done yeah
like we got it whatever the fuck is
going on in the ocean yeah we got to get
people to feel about the whole ocean the
way we feel about turtles and straw get
that sentiment and apply it to all apply
it to our neighbors applied to everyone
you meet
it's weird I think Americans have a
really tough time taking care of
communal shit yeah but I can't find a
fucking plastic straw anymore I know
it's amazing I know how quickly that
happened
the dude with the pliers I mean it's
pulling out of the turtles nose and
eventually comes out with all this blood
and everything like that you need an
ugly photograph of a cute animal to
really make things happen but I walked I
literally walked to the gym this morning
and took from my house the gym I walk
across the Venice canals yeah and I saw
two birds scooters just in the canals
just so it's like you know people just
can't take care of their shit that's why
you can't have like shared stuff no like
the idea of these like shared kind of
like pods I don't really think is gonna
happen I think people shared pods
socially yeah like like you know a lot
it's not literal I mean with low on
resource my lord e-report you know we're
going to work in a pod Oh flying through
the engine that I can makes the Jetsons
noise know when you drive it it makes
the boot really yeah it does make does
it do it for you like it's a joke or
does it make real noise no it does it
out of the speakers as a way as a fun
thing oh yeah yeah I feel like you can
let it slide you know why because it's
not pretending to be an engine no no not
it makes it it makes an appropriate
noise for the thing that it's doing it's
kind of offensive if it made an engine
noise
you'd be like hey hey yeah stop although
I think did anyone ever come out with
Tesla come out what's the thing that
would fate that would fake engine sound
tracks while you're driving really I
someone knows somebody came up with
something that you can put in your car
and it will play different engine sound
tracks I think while you're driving
Tiffany Haddish made her fucking car
dance in what way the the Tesla has a
feature oh where it opens the doors and
she's the one with the Goldwing yeah
yeah she plays music in the back of the
comedy store and and and hits the the
dances and steps out and she's danced in
front of a card we're all dancing
dancing from ativy how did you see that
you know dancing for us that's the
difference between Porsche and Tesla is
like Tesla's it's like a meme machine
it's like a phone that you're driving
you know it's it's it's it's fun and
it's silly and especially the Model X is
a very optimistic representation of the
future it was a pedestrian noisemakers
yeah so that that's a different thing I
think the take the Taikan doesn't really
make any noise on the outside then it
makes the noises on the inside if we're
gonna have noise that makes on the
outside it better be we better regulate
that immediately because some dudes just
gonna have screams just decide what
noise their silent thing makes how the
fuck should you say I sound like a
Corvette hit a Chevy Volt that had two
horns it had the on the steering wheel
that are angry horn and then at the end
of the blinker stalk it had this really
polite like trill for like pedestrian
for that with a bow like like a like a
cat purring almost it was very polite
it's just weird that we let people drive
it's weird that we just we trust each
other
well here's you're on a highway and
everybody's keeping it together it's
your that we just all know to keep it
together there's a there's a really
interesting fallacy that that gets
passed around a lot which is that humans
are bad drivers and that's combined with
another fallacy that driving is easy
both of those are untrue humans are
actually very good drivers and driving
is very hard yeah
and the problem is that humans are so
easily distracted and we now have this
device that is designed to distract us
that's with us all the time - how often
you look up on when you drive and you
see someone on their phone on my shooter
I'm when I'm riding my motorcycle around
town that's all I do is I'm looking in
mirrors and seeing who's not paying
attention but Norton still rides a
motorcycle about looking down watching
people how crazy is that guy the key to
riding a motorcycle in LA is to
understand that is your job to be more
prepared than everyone in a car I think
I'm also a more attention mostly he
rides in New York City yeah he he was a
little more uh he wasn't as kind to
riding in LA as I am I think riding in
LA is not that scary and I think that
because you can Lane split here it makes
a big difference it's safe way safer to
lane split yeah yeah way safer because
most a car on motorcycle collisions are
actually rear endings at lights people
can't tell the difference between the
bike in the car and they crunch them and
so if your lane splitting you move to
the front of the line in traffic and so
you don't get those rear endings the
problem with lane splitting is it's
sometimes people look like they're gonna
go and change lanes and look behind them
and then when they look the motor side
not so fast they're already there well
you shouldn't be going that fast I'll be
going that fast I've seen some guys that
are doing some crazy shit I don't like
splits like come on the law says 15
differential 15 between cars between
your speed on the bike and cars oh well
that's not real I mean that's law says
yeah people accept them yeah yeah
there's I saw some dudes the other day
on the 4 or 5 that made me so nervous
yeah crazy sport might be fun yeah crazy
sport by people will be crazy sport by
people but that thing if you can manage
that thing one of those fucking your
reality is so different than anybody
else Yeah right if you really like 7
know that were very little very very
very little
I took some lessons but uh two people I
know crashed and got hurt pretty bad and
one of them was a dude who's fighting
for the UFC his name is Frank Mir he was
a UFC heavyweight champion
dude who's got one of the best guards in
the history of the sport arguably one of
the best submission fighters of all time
in the heavyweight division you know
world champion still fighting or after
the accident now his but he got hit by a
car and got launched into the air man
and he almost lost his leg he's a
serious break yeah well if his car his
leg got crunched in between car and
motorcycle engine yachts that's really
bad dude he's a gorilla he's a giant
dude no it's a freak him it's gnarly man
III motorcycling is a very is risky it's
it's for me it's a pretty calculated
risk I'm riding a little scooter when
you write scooter versus a motorcycle
you don't get that leg crunch thing
actually and I you know it is what it is
you just gotta you gotta have eyes up
you got to be ready and you gotta be you
know you can't like have a beer and then
ride home you just you could feel it you
can't do it
I mean you shouldn't but even if you you
know legally or what you still shouldn't
do it and so it and also like I love
love that I can't pick up the fucking
phone
mmm on that bite that half hour on my
little scooter getting my way through
traffic to wherever I'm going that's a
nice break from the fucking phone and
being able to just be in motion in LA
and you know and you're just going even
if you're going slow 10 miles an hour
everyone around you stopped and you're
moving that's the fucking luxury man
that's what I'm about how about being
moving when other people are stopped mmm
that's for me that's what's up might be
time to move my feet I'm like have to
hire a crew your machine with all its
giant building with all the cars in it
and just get out of here before it blows
up it's hard it's a hard dichotomy Ella
if you wanna do the job I have LA is
kind of where you need to be it's the
spot right bro I you know I can get a
press car I can get an 800 horsepower
supercar press car in January if I want
you can't do that and impact ends more
cars in you I've reviewed over a
thousand cars that is so crazy lot well
that's why you developed all these
oddball tastes that's why you have that
wacky Porsche anterior I mean that's
what all that comes from the kind of
thing here this cars dude like I only
have strange stuff I have my I did a fox
I just got a Mustang I sold that
I did I got a lot of money for it I gave
half the money to charity oh that's we
paid it we paid in animal shelters rent
for a year oh that's a shout-out to
Peters Impe fund if you want a kitten in
the South Bay
I just got me my wife just got a 1991
mitsubishi delica which is a Japanese
import van and it's a turbo diesel it's
a 4x4 and it's a six passenger it has
like swiveling captains chairs and it's
just the coolest thing ever there it is
oh look at that and it is it's a it's
like a space fan dude back in the day
that was the shit yeah
my twenty thousand kilometers on it it's
like 22,000 miles and I'm using it as
the airport shuttle for my for my job
that's very like that's what we thought
of as a car from the future in the ass
space fan like if you were living in the
80s
number one what I want to know what the
fuck happened to custom vans brands are
a new thing so now custom vans have gone
two directions on the one direction
you've got your the private jet vans
right the Lexon II like you see fucking
Tyrese rolling and rolling around right
where they make it kind of look like a
private jet interior with the sprinters
and then you've got your Overland vans
like your sports mobiles and your
camping type rigs your off-roading rigs
so they split they don't do the cool
shag carpet let's fuck anymore was that
there's a magazine called rolling heavy
magazine that is a enthusiast magazine
for that kind of man that's yeah vans
are still they're cool with a certain
subculture those Volkswagen synchros the
4x4 Volkswagen vans from the 80s yeah
worth a ton of money like 50 grand yeah
they're worth all money dude it's
hilarious when they take those bugs
those be those those this what is the
station wagon the vote VW Bus yeah and
they put Porsche engines and I ever seen
them guys racing now yeah they put they
take the old vans from the 60s and 70s
that classic Volkswagen micro bus yeah
and then you they basically graft on a
Porsche floorplan do it with a Porsche
engine which will fit Porsche suspension
and they
go fast as fuck do they race some things
in Germany can you pull up anything of
there you gonna see one of those at
Hockenheim look the Stooges straighten
look this guy's following a Ferrari down
the front straight oh my god this guy's
mobbing and he chopped the roof right
he's he's lowered it if you can get some
in-car video of one of these guys
driving it's like bananas what a crazy
little vehicle yeah there's other ones
that are even even nuttier and oh there
he goes close-ups they're just crazy the
some of these Volkswagen guys oh wow
he's really using the whole course
they're good for him so that's a 900 530
horsepower Porsche 993 race taxi oh how
cool he's got Gabriel glacis is what the
fucking van enthusiast Jesus Christ
Oh what are you doing fluffy well
Fluffy's garage is fucking sick dude is
Long Beach this is here how have we
never heard of this bro this is a real
thing this is a real thing wow he must
have really loved these things growing
up that's hysterical that is crazy how
many does he have a lot all that orange
and red it's probably that's cute if
that's really nice I had no idea fluffy
was a VW bus enthusiast oh we've got to
get him in one of these strands that
people that are into those are really
really into those Seinfeld's got a few
of them to come any has three million
dollar boss collection
well that is bananas yeah and you know
they sell dogs like if you want like a
the twenty one window they call it or
the 23 window that's where it's got the
extra windows on the roof they the total
number of windows that normally is like
17 or whatever but the 21 windows the 23
windows are like a hundred to a hundred
and fifty thousand dollars what yeah Wow
just cuz they're rare and beautiful he
has these things restore yeah you're a
dr1 know worst fucking garbage so do you
think he has everything stock or do you
think office was used up I don't know I
mean an enthusiast I didn't realize he
was such
see he was so serious about those but
yeah she's got a nice variety of him
he's got Jay driving JJ knows his shit
man I had a real fun day hanging out
with Jay doing his show he knows his
shit yeah I did his show with my 1965
Corvette how does that thing work and I
saw that sign I like the wheels you've
got on right yeah yeah what are you
driving the most these days just the
Tesla yeah
the Tesla does kind of eliminate a lot
of other driving does another nonsense
like why am i fucking around I know
because it's just it's so easy
I know it chills you out I know it makes
you I mean there's something exciting
about the roar of an engine right
there's something about engines there's
something really like something about it
but there's also something about this
sort of Zen yeah travel absolute was on
absolutely your car doesn't make any
noise yeah there's a Zen thing yeah I
think he calms you down a little bit it
does you get you're a little more
relaxed when you get to where you're
going and then inside and also a part of
that is well a lot of that is just you
don't really realize how harsh the
vibration of an engine is until it's
gone right you know and even of even a
very smooth engine with a very smooth
gearbox sends a lot of vibrations and
jerkiness through the car and when it's
gone especially with the Tesla we're
driving with the one foot we're driving
with one pedal so now it's like you go
from wow I need to use three pedals and
two feet and an arm to a finger and one
foot you know you're physically doing a
lot less but you used to say that you
likes your Porsche to go to the comedy
store because it like juiced you up yes
they'll feel like that you know like I
like something loud something that's
just stupid
yeah so I'm trying to get the zone yeah
but it just gives you like a little bit
of a just like a kickstart yeah you have
to drive fast it's not about that it's
about what it can do
it's like you're taking it out for this
like it just moves better moves around
corners better its grips the road better
it feels more more mechanic yeah my 911
is kind of like that but in it's
actually got the the elements of like a
baja truck also so you could just
fucking smash speed bumps and like you
know those weird
transitions into driveways here that
everybody hates in sports cars you're
gonna take one an angle and all that
yeah boom straight in on the power just
kind of bounce it a little bit you could
drive off a curbs and shit it is so fun
it's all those things you love about
your car but also the things you want in
like a trophy truck Jesus Christ rules
so great you should be a Salesman I am
no I don't get kickbacks but but you
should everybody should buy an off-road
Porsche it's flat right larious yeah of
all the recommendations a lot of people
out there consumers you stay in school
and get your shit together
Jordan peterson says to clean your room
dude you don't want to come at me for
good consumer sorry Porsche you buy some
stupid shit I only have stupid cars I
love the fact you dump so much money to
that Mustang because like that's the no
no disrespect that's okay it's true is
the second ugliest version it's it was
kind of unique at the time yeah wasn't
ugly in the UN Rutledge spent mad time
talking shit about my muscle and it's
just an odd choice cuz you you're a
connoisseur of automobiles right like
mum in my mind I'm like why wouldn't he
get like a 68 Mustang I don't have a
connection to those cars you know yeah I
was I was I was born in 81 so I so to me
the Mustangs of my youth were that was
my car Larry Chen shot that photo
doesn't um oh the car was beautiful man
that was a beautiful car and I did dump
a lot of money into it
but I turned I got on the cover of Car
Craft magazine I had a speech feature
and speed hunters and I and I got all my
money back out of it even after I gave
half the money to charity no I got out
of it pretty good it's fantastic and you
deserve very Pedro it drove really nice
to look at this the suspension like the
way it sits rather the right of the fat
wide tires the right stance those are
awesome yes - what are those wheels the
wheels are hree RS 105's which is a
really popular wheel for the Ford GT
they use this so that's probably the
cheapest car they've ever been well zero
side picture the wheels the retail for
like 12 K they're really expensive yeah
pretty yeah I mean I'm sure if Jenna
Rogan wanted a deal we could probably
get something worked out with HRT but so
that car was so cool but you know after
it was done like that picture you just
saw is it done basically and once it was
done I was like oh fuck man you know
this thing handles so good and it looks
so cool I could really use like 300 more
horsepower like it was like it was like
300 horsepower 350 horsepower and it
really needed to be like 600 and so I
was at the point where I either was
gonna spend two more years and 20 more
thousand dollars and maybe I'd be happy
with what I got at the end or it was
just time to move on and at about the
same time I drove Lee Keane is the name
of the dude who built my Porsche and he
builds and sells those mine is number
fourteen of the cars he builds I drove
his for a video and I just was so in
love with it and I just said oh this is
exactly the thing that I need in my life
right now and so when I sold the Mustang
I gave the money Elite even got a lifted
911 so I took that as your daily driver
yeah why don't I love game combination
with the scooter and the test cars I
have but that's hilarious
yeah you're number one squeeze yes
Safari 911 from 1987 I didn't spend all
that money to look at it you know yeah
yeah yeah right if you if I spent all
that money it has no collector value
right it's just the value is what I get
out of driving isn't it shocking when
you open one of those old Porsches the
heft to it the the surprising of
solidness yes yes I mean those lows
galvanized Porsche bodies from the 60s
to the mid 90s are some of the finest
built vehicles in terms of quality and
engineering they're not expensive to
maintain they can be annoying but as far
as pure quality of engineering there's
there's nothing better yeah that's
probably the finest car in the world
from a quality perspective through most
of its life yeah the 964 is a really
unusual one for me because that year was
like they still kept the Frog eyes yeah
but this is
tension became more more lively a little
bit more controllable but yet it still
maintained a lot of the old feel yeah
well at the time those cars if you go
back to 92 when those cars came out or
91 and you read sort of the contemporary
reviews of the car they were calling it
old slow and heavy you know they said it
was a solid feeling car but the Corvette
zr1 was way faster and lighter you know
what I mean and yeah and the Ferrari
let's see that well the 348 was a piece
of shit but the fuck hell's 92 some of
the Japanese stuff the Supra the 300zx
twin-turbo these were modern cars with
with turbochargers and you know all this
new cool shit and here was this sort of
almost 911s really still sort of the
same since the 60s you know and so that
kind of dragged on but to revisit those
cars now the fact that they were
unchanged from the 60s to the mid 90s
isn't it is a positive it's an endearing
quality it's it's it's such a um they
developed that body and chassis so
thoroughly over those 30 years that it's
such a finely engineered thing that you
can take it and build something like a
singer out of it a singer 911 it is as
like I remember of their regular car
right is as fast around Laguna Seca as a
Ferrari four or five eight with no
traction control and manually shifting
yeah yeah I mean they've done wonders
with those chassis z-- and they've
really lightened them with carbon bodies
and and so it is possible to take that
chassis further it just would have cost
Porsche Porsche lost so much money in
the 90 student Porsche was really
hanging on by a thread and they were
losing money like crazy until Volkswagen
have a group came in and that's where
you ended up with the water-cooled cars
the Boxster and then the Cayenne but in
the 90s when they were doing the 99 3s
from my night they were losing crazy
amount of money on those cars Whelan
yeah yeah it's a weird car right it's
like they stuck with that crazy design
for so long yeah it feels it feels old
it feels like 25 years old
than it really is and yes it is so
finely made yeah so interesting right so
with strange combination as opposed to
something like that's our that's a 993
gt2 RS beautiful that's very nice that's
a beautiful car so you know if you look
at the passenger compartment the
roofline the windshield the side windows
of those car you know that's basically
unchanged from the 70s to the to late
nineties it's such a pretty shape mm-hmm
it's just like some shape that people
just gravitate towards and it's usually
the really old ones
there's something about an old one when
you see him in person like if you see
I've really nicely done like 71 long
nose yeah there's something about the me
like so much so light you know they they
have the kind of airy about them I just
I think you know of all the classic cars
they are the most usable you know to
just run around the city and drive you
know you can drive a car from the 70s
you know Magnus fucking drive that car
oh you know yeah cars in the 70s like no
problem you could do that dude Magnus
had this car that he sold some rock and
roll star Oh in England he had this
silver with blue stripes and it was like
a 69 I think I remember that car yup oh
my god that car was a magic yang he's
got he's got cool taste
there's a video of him like driving it
going around this corner you know that
he had that video than they made about
him yes a little short doctor but outlaw
yeah
and he comes around in this old-school
silver Porsche and you look at he like
yeah that's a whole different thing he's
doing than everybody else and he's not
even driving fast like you don't even
have to drive fast that thing it weighs
what is it weigh I mean 2500 pounds it's
so like 80 and it doesn't have a lot of
power yeah well one of the things I love
about my car is with the lift on it and
the tires
you've got like less grip than a normal
911 so if nobody's around like I can
slide entrance ramps like I can be a
silly bastard in in that car and it's
it's just extra fun look at this oh yeah
that is the silver car with the blue
yeah that's actually cool yeah even when
you hear the engine it doesn't sound
like anything else it's a weird little
mechanical creature yeah because of a
small displacement that's
a 2 or a 2 or a 2 - you know it's not
like this big bore 3/8 like you've got
you know I've got a 3/2 which is a bit
more of a Basie kind of tone yeah the
older it's like really those ones are so
60s wonder little yeah damn but they're
still pretty big inside like it's the
same size inside as your car like you
could get in it and drive it and it's
like even those 356 is the really old
Porsches in the 50s like those are
actually kind of roomy like when you put
that engine in the back get your feet
can go pretty far forward yeah and the
Germans are pretty big people - yeah one
of the things with Porsche specifically
is about tall people fit now they got
barbarian DNA man right and the CEO
Porsche for a very long time was six
four and so that he demanded
that's why Panamera looks like it does
so that a six foot four person can fit
in the back it's exactly that reason
oh wow yeah what they do with the
backseat of 911 so those are ridiculous
are for kids
yeah I don't I think that's an insurance
thing I think by being a four-seater
yeah I just don't have rear seats no I
mean you could have a friend get in the
back of your 911 for a couple of blocks
yeah yeah it's possible but it's more
like you just you know you throw your
duffel bag back there or whatever it's
just too tight it's too tight but the
ones you buy don't have rear seats so
what do you care you buy the RS is they
don't have the rear seats Wow when if I
Drive like one of those cars especially
the older ones like um you know like
nine six fold huh I'd like the most
stripped down yeah that's what I like
yeah yeah it makes sense the malt like I
don't want a radio I don't want I like a
radio I don't want air conditioning
nothing I use my car every day and so I
have a radio conditioning but yeah I
know you mean but a car like that yeah
like a little ride yeah it's like you're
taking a ride more than it is like
you're driving no driving is the thing
yeah that's what you're doing you're
driving yeah that's my Lamborghini I
treat like that when I when I I don't
take that to do bullshit when I go out
and drive that car like that is my
activity yeah so like you got like
Magnus he's experiencing you know what a
normal person experience is when they're
enjoying the pleasure of driving but
he's getting they way more analogue
way more superlight car if it's all
ancient fucking tech looks like cars are
real easy to drive though and you've got
a little engine you could give a light
clutch you can have a light shifter you
don't need you know the more power
you've got the heavier duty everything
needs to be and so when you dial that
stuff back in the cars 2,000 pounds and
the engine is only 200 horsepower you
can just fingertip the whole thing it's
very easy yeah my friend Todd said this
to me is a very wise thing said it
doesn't matter how fast you're going
just matter how fast it feels totally
who's talking about like old nine eleven
thousand percent a thousand percent it's
wise wise like it's a wise perspective
because you go yeah have you just
enjoying the car like you're supposed to
get maximum enjoyment like it doesn't
have to be attached to a number correct
like if you didn't know how fast we're
going you weren't looking at your car
other than for the purposes of safety
yeah yeah you weren't like it wasn't a
dick contest there'd be a certain level
you wouldn't want to drive at I believe
in knowing the speeds like for me
personally yeah like my my cars have
fairly low low power like they're not
crazy huge power cars like and I think
beyond a certain point I just can't use
it anymore
and so I think there's an argument for
having something like a Tesla for every
day and then having an engaging machine
for the weekend one of my favorite
videos that you ever did was that and is
it was a BB I that did
Oh Joey C Lee's car yeah no that cars
for sale is it really hope you want it
that's a lovely car it is for sale was
called project nasty I think he got it
down to maybe twenty two hundred pounds
it was though it's the lightest 964 I
ever drove but it was so light you know
a headliner yeah no not my medal inside
of it and everything
I remember watching it go and look at
that thing yeah but that's we said that
was really interesting was that this is
the kind of car you build when you you
know you make cars for other people yeah
yeah you want to build something for
yourself you build something that most
folks kind of is that companies known
for like these really high-end like
custom yells of poor
and they make crazy fast things dude you
can buy I mean you get you can write a
check right now you could just write a
check walk away come back in two months
and have like a 1500 horsepower Nidal
that's because these guys you know these
guys race runways out here now that's
like the thing now is run runway racing
so they go out and they go side by side
half mile and they're doing like 220 230
and a half mile you ever see that video
I'm sure you have of the guy in the GTR
and the Nurburgring and just catches air
oh yeah that's fucking terrifying
you should go Drive at Nurburgring would
you a guy fly yeah but you wouldn't fly
through the air
you wouldn't fly you would drive the
Nurburgring a more normal car that
doesn't fly yeah I would drive something
and by the way after that they'd they
read sculpted that section of track
really yes they they for a period of
time they imposed a speed limit even
during races yeah through that section
to prevent that from happening again
they changed I believe the rules of the
racing series to slow the cars down and
then I believe they Reese Culp did the
track there as well after that incident
so you couldn't catch hair like that or
at least to make it substantially less
likely yeah that fucking cars catching
here is a you gooseneck in your next
internet dive goof go Google racecar
racecar sketch no attempt to look for
that but end up with people are going so
fast and people lose it all the time
dude it's it's such a fun scary crazy
place it's every every reputation that
it every bit of reputation it's earned
it deserves and it's but you got to
doing it is like one of the more unique
experience of your life and you don't
have to like you know like you said you
don't have to go for time you can just
go and drive it as a fast fun Road which
is what I've done as Americans we should
be ashamed that the Germans have the
Nurburgring I mean Hitler built it if we
want to really be really I mean he
didn't physically lay the asphalt but it
was a Hitler
it was a Fourth Reich superiority thing
right alongside the Autobahn sus
racetracks best race cars best highways
as part of their deal Wow that makes
sense there's so much engineering that
came out of that group of fucking
psychos yeah which I read a book love
called blitzed drugs in the Third Reich
that was basically just about how much
meth they were all on and it is nuts
of course yeah of course yeah dude even
on speed forever soon as he figured out
speed people were on speed oh and
they're giving it to the pilots and his
soldiers antler had a speed probably was
doing speed balls like fuckin John
Belushi I mean it was it was crazy yeah
there was there was theorized that they
had given the Japanese and feta means to
get him to crash into the plane yeah
crashed their planes into the boats
rather yeah kamikazes yeah that was a
thought like totally believable met them
up in VA Larkin said about the war
there's a story in this book about there
at the very end of the war where they
invented these single-person
submarines basically just a floating
coffin and they sent these people out
with like ten tablets of meth and
nothing else
and this little submarine that had a
little gun and like none of them came
back to I just can't not that I have
sympathy for Nazis but messed up
soldiers and death submarines maybe a
little bit is that what it was that
little thing I don't think it worked I
think of this they tried a bunch of
times and it fucking sketchy oh my god
yeah it's it doesn't how much sketchier
than that
there's the little German one man thing
yes that's it it the picture I saw had
the bubble somewhere in Colombia there's
a dude with a thousand pounds of coke
just got a great video where they had
the Coast Guard knocked on the submarine
they had a cartel sub maybe something I
just knocked it said open up was it the
Coast Guard they've got guys yeah
they're like open the literally knocking
I literally did they open up yeah they
jumped on top of a goddamn submarine and
made the guys open the pulse open the
sides that's right out of a goddamn
Steven Seagal money it's crazy that's
it's so duds they jump on top of the
roof of this fucking submarine holy shit
look at this yeah see so they're chasing
them they're screaming oh my god yo this
is the great shit ever toad dude how
crazy is this 25 foot long sub yeah so
these guys are following behind it he
jumps off we this bad motherfucker so
which I think all I think this sub is
capable of full submerging or this is
this closest to sub that it gets
rightful but I can't go down like a
hundred feet but maybe I wholly fucking
shit this dude straight up nozzle azure
they that's so crazy I think I need your
search terms you are finding way better
things than me on the internet well who
who is you know look who has taken subs
and filling them up with coke they're
built built dudes are doing that they
had that whole big ship in Philadelphia
that cargo ship that was supposedly
owned by Chase but like had 200 or 400
million dollars worth of cocaine
really there was what the dad car the
paris - dakar rally is it's a car race
like cars like my safari or like built
for that right and it's a there's these
you know there's race cars and there's
race motorcycles and quads and stuff
off-road vehicles that is very long
off-road race and then there's these
support trucks right and they race the
trucks - so it's like these like commas
and like man trucks big off-road tires
huge engines and they're the trucks are
in the race
and so these coke smugglers the trucks
the bet in the back of the truck is
enough parts to like rebuild the whole
car and the truck has a racing driver
and a five mechanic screw and they chase
the car if the car breaks they fucking
pulled over and set up a shop and
rebuild the car right but they're in the
race too and so these coke smugglers
bought one of these DAC car race trucks
did it up like the livery and just like
a couple miles after the start just like
entered the race with his truck full
blow oh and they got stopped like I
don't know somewhere in the race they
got arrested with this race truck what
is this Jamie's no Chapo's
that's al Johnson 13,000 tons of cooking
13,000 pounds I'm sorry that's like
seven and a half ton but wow that is
crazy
my god 30,000 pounds Jesus this one was
in Europe it had a hundred million
pounds worth oh my god these guys lose
not building in there yeah reminds me
that was that movie with Ray Liotta no
escape they built the sub Ray Liotta and
Kevin Dillon and then shit no yeah what
was that movie no I think was no escape
when they're on the prison island and
they get this thing fill the sub can
they still make movies like that I just
saw I've seen some good movies you see
Ford versus Ferrari fortress Ferraris
good I bet it's good it's good it's
mostly factual it's not it's not
entirely perfect but it's like more
accurate than like Bohemian Rhapsody
do you remember LeMans Steve McQueen yes
remember when he was driving in the
beginning and that's old ass Porsche yes
that was exactly what we're talking
about yeah I was a race car driver who's
the car drives around is that old 911
that car sold for a lot of money oh the
movie it did that much do you like limo
the movie um I don't remember it enough
there's like no speaking for like the
first night engineer yeah I think it's
beautiful because it's like it really
puts you in the mood of what it's like
to be these people without without
saying too much then we do that in
movies back that man you know yeah
they're really slow pacing kind of quiet
sort of pensive thing you know you
should go and watch if you haven't seen
it before watch again The Hustler never
seen it Jackie Gleason and Paul Newman I
said it's amazing it's amazing
for what reason it's just it's a fuck
first of all it's it's in the 1960s like
early 1960s and you're seeing like this
part of America because this is filmed
representing the time in which it took
place it's not like they were doing a
period movie mm-hmm so this is like
1960s like early 1960s cars and the way
they talk and the way they drink and
it's about this guy as a professional
pool hustler who's been traveling from
California to New York City to meet this
guy the Minnesota Fats and playing
because this guy's the best pool player
in the world
and so they play all through the night
it's a sauna it was at Robert Rosen is
that the said Robert you said Robert
Rosa's yeah it's based on a very you say
Paula new rain is in this yes that's
Paul Newman fuck it is look at that and
Paul Newman plays Fast Eddie Felson he
plays the baddest motherfucker in pool
it wants to come and play Minnesota Fats
Minnesota Fats is Jackie this guy and
he's amazing he's so amazing he's got
two flowers on his jacket bro that's a
hankie rather had multiple pool movies
well this was the original and so with
the color of money with Tom Cruise was
was Fast Eddie who was again Paul Newman
getting back into the world of pool was
the end of this movie spoiler alerts
from the 1960s attires movie he retires
he comes back it's the same character
okay I've seen yeah i've seen color
money but you know you're picking him up
again now when he's 60 that's hilarious
yeah this young kid is talking shit and
he doesn't understand that because he's
a really hot pool player today but he
doesn't understand that this guy in
front of him is a legend yeah the name
of his bully was known was the
Balabushka yeah well thank you that he
had and those because of this movie this
movie in particular that because they
didn't mention in the first movie but it
was pretty clear they're playing with a
Balabushka this movie that fucking queue
is worth a shitload of money yeah like
there's a lot of like great pool cue
manufacturers from that era like I know
you like like crafts I do totally in the
world of pool it's all about cues it's
all about like the the type of hit you
want the type of we're waiting and the
yeah and bowel bushes have a very
specific kind of hits a very it's like
there's an old-school feel to it that a
lot of the players that when playing
like most of life love companies so
around know if you're buying one now
you're playing it's gonna be a shitload
of money man so at this point it's an
art piece would you play with it if you
have some people do some people do it's
like a badge of honor you know you show
up at a pool hall with a pal but it's
not necessarily the best playing
it's like that's like got like shotguns
you know what I mean it's been the art
pieces and the vintage II stuff there's
one right there for 20 2002 but moving
on that let me see what that looks like
yeah that looks is that it oh it's got
the string on it as the original
Courtland rap and all that those inlays
that's my pearl yeah that was all done
by I Rea down at the bottom right no I
don't think so I think that's this
there's a type of that might be ivory
actually as if it's old enough that's
probably might be ivory it might be
ivory you might be right 22 Jade's they
would use a plastic down there cuz he
wanted something to be durable yeah sit
on the ground or whatever and they all
used um ivory that came from the the
pre-banned days cuz back then when they
were making these things people could go
over there and shoot elephants just for
their tusks
that's a many points mmm what's it
saying
Deba nice gold bands racetrack mop what
is that a nameplate okay racetrack mop
nameplate that's blank between I don't
know you lost me but that's pretty cool
between the mop dots and the diamonds
original Cortland Matt mostly fallen off
to original George Balabushka shafts
unusual for the person dancing oh yeah
well they've had a bunch of those like
that where people would buy them they
would order them and heating grave their
name in it yeah yeah sounds like a very
shotgun like thing shotguns are like
Eric tur from the would you have no you
go over there and you choose your wood
and scrollwork and the barrel work and
all that crazy she's a good friend of
mine makes pool cubes is they're called
sugar tree uh-huh and his name's Eric
crisp but he makes them all by hand I'll
show to you afterwards I'll let you sure
you've got like a dozen of them out here
right it's his his the way he makes
things is like super specific like he's
like ah
he's an art connoisseur if wood was an
art huh
so like when he looks at like a piece of
wood he he doesn't think it's like a
combination of knowing it'll make a good
pool cue but also wanted it to look a
specific but they have all these gnarly
knots in a weird kind of colors of the
woods and just finds which interesting
green check out it's the just like gums
yeah
thing was a sex school Balabushka pool
cues were reintroduced in the 1980s with
their permission yeah but that's not
real yeah once the movie came out
someone asked if the correlation said
yeah yeah it's it's what happened was
there was a company this it's a it's a
decent queue but it's not like you know
the of reels like a Shelby Cobra right
you can buy a raffle bra but the real
one even like the way that one plays
better I mean there's people that like
the way all kinds of different things
play might play better than there but
it's not you call it a Balabushka Babu
she's got to make him he's got people uh
same thing Cobras you know that you
could I'm brand new replica Shelby Cobra
will probably drive a lot better than
the ones they were racing at long
sixties but one is 50 grand and one is a
million yeah as one is real and to be
honest that wouldn't mean I wouldn't buy
a one of those newer Balabushka either
if I wanted a cue to play with no they
all please you know what you're getting
it's real yeah yeah the thing with cues
is like with a lot of things it's like
you if you see a pool cue like it
doesn't even necessarily have to be
anything fancy it's just you see like
the with if it's got nice wood and nice
balance to it and you kinda look at this
like oh yeah you look at you know
somebody's made that by hand most likely
something like crafted that on a lathe
and with notches to you know that the
difference between a $500 watch and a
$5,000 watch and a $50,000 watch and a
500,000 dollar watch it's just further
and further into the details that one
watch that was good for 400 years that's
it man yes there's and there's other
ones like that I have a hard time with
that yeah I'm having a crazy math
machines I love I love the crazy math
machines there's watches at play chimes
there's watches that where you you you
hit a button and like a thing like
dances like a cuckoo clock there's like
all kinds of crazy people do kilos yeah
there's a genre of porno watches to be
seen the porno watches where it's
literally you hit a button and people
like start banging you like on the yeah
no I mean yeah no no it's a mechanical
animatronic couple starts fucking on the
dial Oh
it's kind of hilarious thank you but
it's an entire genre of watching their
very very expensive very hard to Google
that what's that one I saw this one guy
had one that was like a dome and inside
his own a planet yeah yeah that's called
a Jacob astronomy ax and so any member
who wears that like you got the they're
a million dollars it's gonna be some
kind of pimp a planetarium one yeah
remember Jacob the jeweler that's him
this is us this is the universe you
can't wear one of those and have people
look at you without you be you're being
a little crazy
so the astronomy it's it's like a
fishbowl you put on your fucking wrist
it's the weirdest thing ever and it's
designed so that's the mechanism that
rotates around the fishbowl and it's got
something called the thing that's
flipping about is called at or beyond
and that is the time regulating
mechanism and the mainspring which keeps
it wound and then as you can see that
the actual clock itself rotates and
stays vertical and then you've got this
earth thing and then you've got this
this big diamond that spin around and
it's it's a huge thing you wearing your
wrist it's probably 48 or 49 millimeters
and it's it's like putting a fishbowl on
your wrist because it's got a big glass
like case over it that is so cool so
that's yeah that's what one looks like
in person that is so crazy look at this
a million dollars so this one is showing
is the roulette wheel one no it's got a
roulette wheel in it that actually works
oh my you wind it up and it sends a ball
and you actually can play roulette on
the watch dance it's called the
astronomy a casino yeah batshit right
imagine you lose your house now look
this one's an animated one it's an oil
derrick that pumps home so when they
spin it like I'm sure he'll show it but
look yeah the oil do so did somebody
design this because they owned an oil
company certain that that is what had it
made yeah oh my god that's amazing yeah
how much you think it cost me it's
probably a million dollars
yeah it's gross - it wouldn't want touch
no it's not cause you don't want to wear
something like that no it's like why are
you getting it that's crazy I don't know
why
wouldn't get it but like if you I don't
know why you'd get it you have to really
appreciate the art of it look I'm just
going down there there oh it's a hoot
man floating it's cool I mean that you
know there's another company called
MB and F which is not as kind of dumb
for lack of a better word it's less just
a little less flashy and it looks like a
fucking Rocketeer Trekkie space
communicator but it's all mechanical
it's called MB and ampersand
F and they come out like people are
doing some real creative shit Joe oh
they really are like that's the kind of
shit that made 10 Kaczynski move to the
woods we've done the Unabomber I knew
where all this is going these people
can't leave anything alone they have to
innovate on everything what's really
okay is that it's look it makes our life
way more interesting but there's worse
things than innovating in a mechanical
timepiece oh no it's amazing so that's
this is MV n F this is where these those
two domes sort of spin around they make
of a couple different like crazy one but
god that's beautiful yeah so they have
these sort of real spacy kind of alien
device type watches there I mean they're
very expensive but they're very nice 40
G's just let me see that again
that's so pretty the one with the four
is really crazy - what is that yeah just
that so you can see on the left is the
hour and the right is the minute that's
like a scale the old timey scale at
grandpa's house that one this is my jam
that's this that's the Space Jam right
there is that it's just crazy fucking
watchmaking dude here's that yeah it's
back that up the one what is that what's
of that one the that you see the bottom
left I have a phone if you want another
time yeah this shit ain't for tell at
the time bro this is for telling
everybody that you run shit that is the
craziest thing to have on your body
right a house on your body so in this
one this one the entire clock moves
around the diamond course it does you
know why wouldn't it why wouldn't it of
course it does spin bitch I mean you
know it's it's all real crazy the round
one is very queen that was that the
concentric one yeah
the clocks that looks like a UFO that
one of the right-hand side that you just
had that you just had Jamie what is it
this no no the one the blue ones are
blue one that you just had
yeah that's concentric rings is that
it's the rings are concentric so you see
the line on the bottom so it's 552 is
the time there
or 452 excuse me for the center's no
squirrel
in the center is the tour beyond that's
the mechanism that powers it there's
other watches have you ever heard of an
hyt watch no hyt watches are fucking
nuts because they are lik they're
powered by bellows and liquid so they
tell the time yeah give me one where you
can see some of the liquids so much I
don't study this shit wait no that's not
a good picture James I want to show the
liquid specifically so that one right
there that yeah we did so yeah yeah so
the liquid fills up and moves around the
face as the time goes and these bellows
move so you see the bellows in the
middle there it's pumping the liquid
around the fucking clock like you've
shown that maybe before enough that
wasn't seem familiar with us yeah yeah
the liquid one so those are like 40 50
60 thousand dollars that's true that's
getting real crazy solution that's such
crazy ballin that's call 72 G's that's
call ones pretty goddamn dope house
actual rose is sponsored by this company
I was an angry rock and roll guy perfect
not saying that Axl is but you know got
angry style that's a perfect thing yeah
all right yep Axl Rose hailer like you
know saying some people couldn't like
takes a certain type yeah but if you
wanted to get into some really
next-level weirdness that's a good
that's a good way to do what is that
what's that be a ps2 wrist drive
scubapro that's a that's a dive computer
oh fuck you would have a give you oh
yeah that's that that one right there is
another DNF legacy machine perpetual so
this round one right on to one to the
right Jamie that I think makes me feel
the same as reverse Alex Honnold that's
what diving I feel to say I'm like yeah
up yeah this one does the
the same shit as the first one I showed
you it counts the date and stuff for
like four hundred years but it just does
it in a prettier crazier way oh my god
that's so beautiful
yeah that's see this is what I'm
fascinated by that somebody and some
group of people obviously saw like one
wizard and they're doing it at multiple
companies all around the world yeah and
they're innovating and they're competing
with each other to make cooler and
weirder shit yeah and all this stuff is
like I guess it's a watch but it's way
more than just a watch like that thing
up sorry Jamie go back to that one that
was that weird spaceship one that was
yeah the one right there right yeah
right there that one let space
communicator wow that is so crazy
yeah that thing yeah that's not really a
watch this one's cool it's mechanical
but it's it's but you read it from the
side like that it's very very space
communicator yeah it's cool it's
something different it's I mean what
it's like it's like the night it's like
that singer DLS right they take this old
the old way and they evolved the old way
as far as they can so these guys have do
this amazing materials like really
interesting alloys they make for stuff
they a lot of these companies make their
own alloys which is really interesting
look at this thing what is that it's
like a looks like what we thought a
spaceship was gonna look like in the
1950s yeah and it's a watch yeah doesn't
that that kind of looks at its power
yeah it's like movie The Rocketeer it
reminds me of the rocketeers rocket yes
yes yes it's totally like that's yeah oh
my like you know how Ellen's only seen
space balls like this dudes only seen
The Rocketeer that's so beautiful
yeah so this it's incredible dude I knew
if you most people will think you're a
weirdo for wearing it but if you wore
something like this to like a watch
nerds gathering Oh Mike don't think
you're the king of the universe you walk
in some like this going to a watch nerd
gather pass there's a grand Seiko party
they announced the new watch ah this is
the Godzilla watch it Godzilla watch so
I don't really like car watch Co brands
I think the connection is obvious enough
you don't need to shove it in my face
but I'm still gonna go to the party it's
a car watch Cobra Godzilla is the Nissan
GTR
not the movie monster so it's across
branding with the Nissan GTR and I got
confused I thought it was like an
anniversary thing for Godzilla I think
it's the Nissan GTR oh so that Godzilla
that Godzilla oh well it looks dope it
does look - oh wait it might actually be
the movie Godzilla at the anniversary
maybe it is this fucking 64th
anniversary they came out with a GTR
watch like months ago so maybe I just
know news you you did I remember the GTR
watch was like a chronograph yeah
yeah it's like a bunch of different well
yeah that's what I get for not this is
doing my homework I guess it is the
movie monster anniversary my bad
it looks like it's uh like a dinosaur
skin yeah the leather skin yeah there's
see that one that you'd see our 50th
that was like a couple months ago so
sorry they're manufacturing they're
finished quality's amazing let me see
that Godzilla thing again did you do the
thing I told you about the reflections
on the back of the hands not yet so
grand Seiko leave it there finishing on
the back of the hands as good as the
finishing on the front of the hands and
if you reflect the light certainly
certain ways you can get it to reflect
on the dial it's really cool the thing
looks work it yeah they make it nice
watch well they have really pretty
design and whoever is designing their
stuff it's very that's a weird thing
about like watches or anything that
someone makes it's like what what
appeals to the I like that that TGT
Studios clocks see that thing right
aside like that's awesome yeah it's
something it appeals to the eye it's an
piece of art that also tells you the
time but there's something about it like
the way it's shaped the way it's formed
yeah it makes you want to look at it
it's answers well the really the very
best watches yeah just stare you just
stare at them sometimes like your watch
I love is your Spring Drive yes yes so
the Spring Drive with the super standing
I mean you don't know where it'd be
diving to we're not a dive you know no
shit hits the fan I wanna prove watch no
you just get you get your shit wet all
the time probably right between the
tanks and the sweating and the washing
your hands and whatever it's definitely
gonna get wet occasional yeah I mean
it's a dive watch isn't for people who
dive it's for people who just get their
hands wet tell it to a diver they want
to piss in your mouth right now
fuck you bro I'm a diver I'm a scuba
diving instructor are you really yeah
you teach people like I can I did in my
early 20s well then you get how I do
this what's uh it's
they gave me a diver pass yeah all right
I'm good Shazam i absolve you
dude I'm terrified of the ocean why
getting in that water with all those
things better than you yeah but most of
them don't care about you all most of
them you're just talking Adam keyword
and yeah yeah most yeah I did I went to
the Galapagos over this year and I did
saw hammerhead sharks while snorkeling
was nothing cuter than a baby hammerhead
like this big really amazing like a
footlong it was a cutest thing ever
but like yeah I can see how the ocean is
big and dark and scary dude it's
terrifying
yeah I know I guess I still get a little
nervous when I go in the ocean you
should be in there though you know I
know this is what I always say about
sharks if there was a werewolf and the
werewolf came out every full moon yeah
every full moon if you were outside your
house you got murdered you just got
ripped apart it happened to one person
every full moon all across the land yeah
people would be like fuck man I'm not
going out on a full moon okay
sharks are like werewolves but they're
werewolves every day of the year
I don't think shark attacks are that
comment because they don't they don't
see you and you're not supposed to be
there so they're not accustomed to you
if they were accustomed to you like if
we lived in the water with sharks do you
think the moral duty that sharks have to
be good neighbors who keep them from
eating us if we were like just
everywhere in the water all the time as
sharks figured it out you'll be like oh
we could just eat them eat them they
just they're just dumb they don't know
they're supposed to eat us they have a
look an arrow thing in their eye of what
they're supposed to be yeah they don't I
don't think they like us I don't think
they want to eat us they're just not
accustomed to it you know their their
focus is slipped when they bite people
don't they spit them out a lot they
rarely finish a human you see them they
take a limb they don't finish a human I
saw jaws dude in Johnson finish people
and I was also like fucking license
plates and shit remember oh yeah buddy
trash you know yeah you're assholes they
eat everything
yeah but they probably wouldn't eat to
license plates in a row I don't think
they think I think it is
eating machines there's no I don't
cattle it already better but I don't
think there's any evidence that sharks
it like Wizards they're more clever like
dolphins are clever as fuck or cuz
they're glad we know sharks just cease
murders just with a continual roll of
teeth yeah the teeth fall out new one
pops in bang like a rotor but I don't go
diving where there's fucking date
[Applause]
neighborhood they can just decide to go
to your neighborhood it's like if you
were camping fuck up a few days anyway
and out there in that campground wolves
were tearing open fucking tents and
pulling people out eating them alive
would you feel like well they never come
up here
stay there literally shoving that shark
there feeding that shark to ravage it's
a real thing dude they brought in a
werewolf this is what I'm saying
doesn't matter look if you had a fucking
cage and he could put you in the middle
of the woods and your friend ties a lamb
to the outside of the cage so you could
see the werewolf in real life and it
looks like American well in London
that's I know that's no fucking
shark-diving what do you want from me
stay on the ocean please do me a favor I
like the ocean look at those teeth I
know I'm so scared for you you know I go
what about Joe don't you go walk what
about mountain lions you can walk I'm
trying to pretend that I'd be able to
stab some mountain lion and get it off I
mean I die for the knife my dog tried to
make friends at the mountain lion he's
so nice you know what he barks at Claire
it's the only thing you barks at is what
bark said when people have a Santa Claus
on their driveway
what the fuck is that normal thing for
him to say glowing we're walking and I
take him to the trail and I open up the
back to let him out he jumps out onto
the sidewalk and looks at this guys
fucking this guy's fake snowman it
starts barking just some fucking thing
yeah it's not really a person and then
he just runs up the hill
I got kittens a couple months ago and
one of them didn't just learned that he
was fighting himself in the mirror
it's really fun 20 minutes all make your
that out and they chase their own tail
is they doing genuinely hilarious yeah
there's something about watching a
kitten just spin around their own tail
they're dumb as fuck but they're so fun
it's such a little drug it's so enjoying
getting to watch a kitten just spin
around oh dude I don't watch TV I have
four cats in my house and all I do is
like what are the cats doing and just
watch what other cats are doing it's
it's constantly entertaining do you know
this the video with the cat and the two
crows or the cat these two cats excuse
me
the crow and the two cats where this
crow instigates a fight between these
two cats no awesome lands on the roof
like real close to a cat he's like what
and the cat like moves out and he flies
away real quick and he comes back and
then he flies over to the other roof
goes to a no this is a different one
where they're doing and he starts and he
causes the two cats to fight each other
that's amazing they fuck with the cats
and they get him close advice and fight
I say you're done king of bird yes they
do it all the time they like doing it
sad instigator funny so there's this one
they literally pick on them and get them
worked up so they'll fuck up the other
cat bro that's so funny and with these
cats were on the roof they were on this
just probably a hundred of these videos
they're really clever you've seen like
the videos over if you're talking about
this is not coming up you've seen the
videos of crows it's a crows or Ravens
that can use tools they can use tools
wait can I even question yeah I know
this is a really interesting topic but
what is the legal thing with playing a
clip from YouTube's podcast we can't
nobody's looking at that they're seeing
us we can't use those that's why I got
it cuz it's alright though you can't use
other people's shit they'll take you
down I completely understand but in in
my show I sometimes show images in the
feed and so I was wondering if you were
doing I don't know we'll try to claim
you images I go I'll give websites crazy
I want to promote the website yeah but
if you have like someone else's stuff on
your feed crows using compound tools
what is a compound tool like took two
things and made it a better tool oh shit
dude they don't were fucked they figured
out at one point in time how to take one
tool and use it to get a second tool it
was bigger and use that second tool to
get food so they figured out using a
tool to get a tool yeah yeah who's a
tool but now they figure I had a make
tools bitch connecting things together
son that's bonkers there's a solution
and we do something we started that two
monkeys back in the day we you know we
figured out a compound tool as much as I
love cats cats are those little fuckers
are sneaky to pick fights I had a cat
that could open doors which was a witch
resistant yeah you ever get the cat
jumped in this is the one this is the
one so they get it off go right to the
beginning because in the beginning you
see that no the beginning the crows on
the roof with them fucking with them see
the very beginning of it's okay no
that's how he just played from there so
the crows let's see how the crow takes
off yeah he was fucking with them and
then he flies over to the other one
let's see he's like what's up bitch what
do you know with this fucking pussy hang
out over here on this roof right next
yeah fun and he starts like getting
close to him and rile him up and flying
away when the cat gets close and then he
goes back again to the other cat it
fucks with him he gets him riled up and
then he flies away and he goes back to
the other cat and he flies away and he
keeps doing it until they just they're
on edge because he's a little cut yeah
yeah sweetheart and then the cats are
looking at each other so he starts
fucking with the cats and other cats get
more and more angry like he's starting
the show which while he's actually
pushing the cat towards other holy shit
that's crazy dude he made that honking
bird is just over here like in the snow
bro this bird is having a good time oh
that bird is evil so evil that bird is
having his own kitty cat fights to the
death oh my God look at these guys going
down a hole oh shit bro you should just
be commentating this shit this is a
fucking crazy
is awesome my cat Conrad my 15 year old
boy chased a fucking stray out of our
yard yesterday like a boss
cats are sneaky man
they're smart little fuckers and they
carry some creepy diseases maybe they're
paying him back for killing all their
friends could be right 8 million Birds a
year oh yeah billion oh dude my cats got
some heads up yeah well they said that
they didn't have any idea I remember
what the number was I don't excuse me I
don't remember what the number was but
it's in the billions and they were
stunned they had no idea they ran some
sort of a scientific study and using the
study they examined all of them good
dude oh good a tweet turns out I fucked
this up you didn't this was taken in
Northridge a week ago what is this about
inline on someone's roll fucking hell
dude like there's two of them why
Northridge two on the roof at the same
time oh my god it's so hard kids hide
your wife yeah well they're looking for
dogs and cats one of the things they
found out when they killed them in San
Francisco and the Bay Area they have
they have real problems up there
sometimes go especially some of those
homes that like like sort of like like
we have Malibu with the mountain lions
live real yeah close proximity with the
people so they do these stomach
examinations they find it's like half
dogs and cats well the cat that I said
that could open doors and shit he wanted
nothing more to than to kill montemagno
my other cats he was a Russian blue had
three legs and he was really really
smart we adopted him and um we tried for
like six months to make it work we tried
everything everything you could think of
to make brought a criminal into your
home exactly and I didn't know and we
had to we rehomed him with my
brother-in-law and his wife and he like
got along with the dog and was having
the best time and showed me he thought
he fucking ran shit he thought he owned
the neighborhood and he ended up getting
eaten by a mountain lion yeah yeah three
legs versus a mountain lion Morgan
smartest fastest three legged animal
you've ever seen but fucking yeah and
mountain lion one maybe he's a little
cocky for his own good a thousand
percent
he thought he ran shit that's hilarious
imagine the moment when you realize that
that's a giant you jack most animals and
then you realize oh my god this is a
hundred and forty on me yeah fuck hey it
was never seen again bro we're so weird
that we let those things that's wander
around us we're so weird I always think
it's really strange that I live with
another species in my house I think
about that very often
I mean mountain lion oh yeah it's
supposed to watch like externa
Holocaust and killing them all genocide
I don't I don't have a key I don't think
they'll get me wrong
without advocate that I don't think we
should kill them all I'm saying is it's
really interesting that we have this
thing that we sort of agree rarely
rarely kills people but it does
sometimes and we want to keep it around
it sounds an awful lot like the Sharks
bro and that they're running out of shit
to eat you know if we're gonna have a
yeah thing listen well the last time you
saw a deer
I mean fairly recently but but but not
often it's here it's pretty rare yeah
even if you live where deer are like I
used to growing up in the suburbs of New
York I used to see deer like daily do
you think deer on the pill thanks going
I've lived in a city and I haven't paid
attention to the deer in the suburb but
I'll tell you what's what's happened man
cats Oh they've moved in and start
jacking deer and coyotes we didn't start
jacking deer and the hats are fucking up
deer big cats Bobcats are fucking up
deer oh everybody's fucking up the Fonz
everybody's fucking right babies yeah
yeah when the babies are born they have
zero chance these big fucking sons big
wild dogs
the Coyotes everywhere just California
side of LA mostly around us if you go to
like Iowa they they have too many deer
like you'll be driving why water hunting
deer not mountain lion
well you can't hunt mountain lion in
California they don't have is there a
pretty predatory cat that you can't bet
you should hunt I mean I don't know you
can give that well see the thing is like
the the people think that you need to
control their population that's where
the argument is it gets real interesting
because it branches off between people
that are very much animal advocates
animal rights first they want animals to
rule and to be able to have their own
freedom on their land
yeah and just whatever happens happens
like mountain lions killing deer and all
that kind of stuff and let it all take
place and we shouldn't interfere with
that and we shouldn't hunt there's
people that really think like that and
you know they have their arguments and
they have their the reasons but the
reality of animals is if you have large
predators and the large predators runs
out of things to eat it's either going
to go further and enter into new areas
looking for food and it might get hit by
cars or it's gonna branch out
sorry expand it's gonna expand its range
and in expanding its range it's gonna
find a farm or it's gonna find a dog in
the backyard it's gonna find something
because it's just trying to get food and
like how many of those are we willing to
have around us yeah like I'm not saying
that we should kill mountain lions I
think it's wonderful if dangered now not
really so why can't we tell them in my
children okay well California doesn't it
yeah well count the only time California
kills them really is when they get
what's called a depredation order like
um if someone has something happened
like if you run a farm and a mountain
lion starts killing your livestock which
does happen yeah a lady in Malibu a few
years back
had a I think it was in our pocket form
and this fucking mountain lion killed
like a ton of them it was just killing
them they seemed easy to kill though I
think it killed a goat too I think it
was just getting a kick out of killing
things you know it was just fun and but
they said it wasn't even eating him
which is really nuts that's strange I
think he couldn't get it out you know a
really big animal he couldn't get it out
he probably didn't feel comfortable
enough to eat it while he's in there so
he's probably wrong he killed them all
at once oh well I think it was over a
couple of days but it was a kind of a
killing spree man it's like we just
killed for fun first of all when you
think about mal but do you really think
about an alpaca farm no well no I think
of that in Topanga by the way over
Topanga yes someone it seems is building
a house that's like a dome that they're
gonna put dirt over did you see this
it's up at the top of the hill and
Topanga facing the beach and yeah like
okay so picture a facade a flat facade
with a bunch of windows brick and then
it just kind of ends and then there's
this concrete kind of three-quarter dome
that comes out from behind it and
they're covering when I drove by they
were covering the dome with this sort of
tarp II waterproofing layer and it
looked like they were going to then
move earth and and build a mountain over
the dome so you have a your home would
be sort of inside this man-made Mountain
to fucking hobbit house it seemed kind
of awesome actually what if somebody off
roads on your roof and it crushes your
house I don't even know now that could
be a problem
suck in seven Suseo i live underground
what are you a rat I don't know it
seemed weird but it was very interesting
it seems like fire resistant if the
whole neighborhood catches on are you a
gopher bro well he'll if you had to live
in the air underground or underwater Oh
underground from the ground he's right
he's right
is that it no so that's a geodesic dome
this is sort of it's a flat whoever
lives it's not built yet it's like half
built but that's pretty fucking cool go
back to that picture whoever lives in
there for sure believes in chanting yeah
souls they call the corners regular I
mean but the idea of living in a fun
shape like that
yeah would make your life more
interesting for sure if only I lived in
a dome everybody would like me but do
you how long do you think you could live
like that at some weirdo fucking art
house before you like let me just have a
house house oh you don't need uh huh you
want to sit in a house house there's an
art house right near me that's a very
famous architects I think it's Frank
Gehry's art house and it's a terrible
use of space but it literally has like a
tree house like a box on a post just
floating above the house and there's
like a little stairs to go up there and
there's just a dining room table for two
in the air on a post that's bonkers it
doesn't seem particularly it's a little
ice but sometimes you're into those you
know you gotta have that designer house
yeah what if it got hit by an asteroid
like that one little so I got a direct
shot the lot I'd the luck would be
unbelievable God telling you get the
fuck outta here
shoulda bought an art house shit the
fuck out of here with your art house bro
I'm approaching my IP limit okay three
and a half well we're at 6:30 we could
wrap this bad boy up bring it home I'm
really proud of myself for not peeing
during the show it was like oh hell it's
again I did three bottles of fucking
water just worried I had a pee before
the show No
respect man always a good time he came
out with you it's been very fun
tell everybody website Twitter Instagram
the smoking tire for all my media shit
and if you have a cool car you need
somewhere to keep it in los angeles
westside collector car storage find us
online
thank you Jim what a pleasure always a
pleasure Jay my everybody that was great
man
thanks so much
[Music]